At the Blazer game vs Lakers - m4w



Your name was Sheila and we met in the line for Monopoly game. I did not get your contact info. It was a pleasure to meet you    


I messed up Emily McNary - m4w



I went through a manic episode and though that I could move on from you, but I was completely wrong. I miss you so much, I think about us being together so often and it hurts being without you. I messed up so hard and I think about you all the time.
BW    


You never had me... - w4m



...and I never had you.
We found the way to see eachother and shared a unique connection. I really have not had that again and I miss it. You were older, devilishly handsome and flirtatious. 
Reading you made me so wet but I never told you that. 
Remember the gift you brought me from one of your vacation trips? hahaha ridiculously cute
I don't know why this is all coming back to me now, after all these years. 
No one has made me feel as special and as wanted as you did. 
Thank you.
I've always wondered what it would be like if we saw eachother again or even started talking. 
We got as far as a kiss, I want more. 
Would you dare? 

J



"unless some like...



you cares "A" whole awful lot.

Nothing is going to get better.

It just fing not!!!"    


Salmon Creek Fred Meyer - m4w



Your shopping Tuesday night 10:30 p.m. I ran into you by the chips and then again in the cereal aisle and when you left to go home you saw me again in the parking lot you are in work out clothes you are so dark and so beautiful you probably aren't going to see this but it would be amazing if you did    


Me...ow



You have a brain in your head?

You have feet in your shoes.

You can steer yourself anyway you choose!    


To the sexy older trimet driver - w4m



You were older but I love older. Your sexy. My god. I'm very attractive. Email me.    


Looking for Becca Wilson - m4w



Looking for Rebecca/Becca Wilson.

She lived here in the late ninetys  early two thousands then moved to Vero Beach Florida.

She had a son named Damien and I believe her boyfriend was named Emory.

If you know where she is now I'd love to know how she is doing.




Looking for Lee Yang - m4w



I'm looking for a girl named Lee Yang
She lived with me back in 2000, she moved to Hood River and I lost contact with her
She lived in Portland before moving in with me
Not sure if she ever got married
She would be 35 to 37 now
Very short
She is Asian and she was from Laos 
If you know of her, please let me know or let here know

My name is Michael 
Thanks    


Main St MJ Friday Morning Cute Girl, Glasses, Fun Size - m4w



I followed you out the store on this bitter cold morning. I'm not sure where you went but you looked back at me.. I should have said hi to you. I turned back to say hey but you were gone

Anyway cutie, you could keep warm with me if you need a better thing.  I'm blocks away, I walk there in like 5 minutes. 

Tell me what color your glasses are





*Aquarian Unity - Sunshine in my Heart - m4w
Tavern and pool - m4w



All the gorgeous sweet and absolutely beautiful servers, female of course. I love seeing you daily. Eyes, smile and the rest:)    


Lestat De Lioncourt...



Because you're so intreaged by them and Louis.

You're loosing your day job Buckwheat, talk about a backfire!



Chinese Takeout - m4m



Gorgeous, young blond guy that gave me my takeout and processed my credit card... I'm sure you knew I was checking you out last night. Can we have an affair??    


Peeps BJ Yesterday - m4m



Aloha Peeps yesterday around 4:30, you were tall, good looking and gave me the most amazing toe curling BJ through the glory hole. I would be up for a repeat performance and perhaps return the favor. Totally DDF and discreet here. Tell me something about yourself or what I was wearing so that i know it is you.    


S.Mt Casino - m4w



New Year's Eve. I first noticed you walking by the table I was on. I thought you winked at me. Later you sat on a machine next to another table I was on. We kept locking eyes. You are sexy hot! I spoke to the person you where with as I was leaving. Tell me what you were wearing and who you were with. Hope you read this.    


cheesecake factory 1/5/2017 - m4w



We sat next to each other at the bar in the cheesecake factory. You Asian with U of O gear on drinking a glass of wine. You were so stunning if you see this let's have a glass of wine together.    


Big muscular guy from San Fran - m4m



I served you at my restaurant and forgot to put in an order you took home to your parter.  Never put an ad like this out but thought it might be fun :)  get back at me if you see this.    


Cashier at Fat Cobra - m4m



You were the cute cashier, I was the guy in the green puffy jacket, who came in to buy a few things around 7pm last night, Jan. 5th. We chatted a bit during the transaction about what I bought and why you like it too. Feel like there was a bit of a connection. You were really sweet and helpful, sorry I was a bit freaked out. Tell me what items I bought to let me know it's you.    


Adult video on division last night - m4m



It was about 9pm and you are tall and very good looking with facial hair.  You wore a green cock ring around your balls and cock.  I was in shorts  We messed around but I really want to try again. You are so handsome I wanna do anything to please you.  Please get in touch w me.  We can confirm w pics too    


nordstrum rack sunday around noon - m4w



I noticed a cute girl searching through the clothes and then next to me closer to exit, couldn't find right words, she had a cute greenish hat would like to know more about you    


Right next door to each other - w4m



We literally live next door to each other just off Sunset Blvd. I introduced my self to you earlier this summer. You live alone....I don't.  Your work hous are awkward as you are up late at night.....our kitchen windows face each other yet you never open your blinds. I truly want to get to get to know you.    


Monday Gorge Hike - m4w



You were with two friends and heading up the trail on a hike in the Gorge on Monday. One of your friends was white and one was Asian--I'm guessing you're Asian or Latina. I was heading back down the trail and you stopped to ask me what the conditions were like at the top. I thought you were really beautiful. Tell me which hike it was in your response.    


I imagine... - w4m



I imagine some of you still think it's pretty funny to try to make someone, me for example, try to believe that they are going crazy, or that they did, said, or wrote something or many things, that they didn't do, say, or write, while at the same time, spreading lies and rumors, to anyone and everyone that will listen, and pretty much ruining a pretty darn good persons life.  Well, I don't think it's funny, I think it's a form of abuse, and it isn't right.  Think people, about how you would feel if this were happening to you.  You would lose friends, family, and your children would probably be mortified and embarrassed, and probably stop talking to you, and you'd start to hate yourself because everyone around you made you feel like the monster that you were made out to be, and not the real you.   That alone, can bring a person down into a deep depression, let alone all the other things that can happen to someone who's being bullied.

I, personally, think that if a person has a problem with another person, they should go directly to that person, talk about it, and get it worked out if possible.  Don't play head games.  You could be ruining someone's whole entire life.  

KB    


Hawthorn Club - m4w



Looking to chat with that cute blond at the gym.. We chat when we see each other..

I hope I hear from you    


jethro the nurse at ohsu - m4m



I really enjoyed the story about your neckless . If you see this did you like my responce about the Mont of olives.    


missing owner.... - m4w



u r probably the only one will every own me.  I am probably the only one u will ever own.  It was a magical mystical set up by fate and meant to last...;*    


steam thursday night 6pm-ish - m4m



brown hair
facial hair
glasses
fit
early/mid 20s i think?

we were sitting opposite each other on the couches and i was getting ready to make my move when we were kind of interrupted. i was thoroughly disappointed that i had to take off.    


Jayson from Nsameets - w4m



Looking for jayson from the Portland chatroom last week. You said you were a bartender in Beaverton.  If I cant you see this message me here or friend me.    


Blonde Girl in Zebra Print Pants in Winco out in Hazeldell - m4w



Hello. We looked at each other a few times. I was wearing a black hoodie with a blue guitar on the front. I smiled at you and you smiled back. I thought you were really beautiful and I wanted to get to know you. I should have asked for you're number. I am a real person and I hope that you find me and message me.    


Missed smiles and eyes night shift - m4w



You're so beautiful and I love your smiles . . we just always miss good eye contact . . I'm shy . . and attached tbh . . You have the eyes of all the guys in the shop when you walk by, and I feel bad that you probably get a lot of unwanted attention . . The two or three times a night I see you make work a brighter place, thank you    


Looking for Karen - m4w



I am looking for an old friend Karen (50's), whom I have lost contact with in the late 90's she lived in the Vancouver, WA area. She was a beautiful full figured woman, who had a female friend who had a black boyfriend who was a truck driver from Surrey, BC.

I worked with that man and met her though him.

I am in the Portland area regularly and would love to find her again.

Please, only serious replies with possible information.



E  (hint)    


Looking for Karen - m4w



I am looking for an old friend Karen (50's), whom I have lost contact with in the late 90's she lived in the Vancouver, WA area. She was a beautiful full figured woman, who had a female friend who had a black boyfriend who was a truck driver from Surrey, BC.

I worked with that man and met her though him.

I am in the Portland area regularly and would love to find her again.

Please, only serious replies with possible information.



E  (hint)    


Dom Daddy at Fantasy on Sandy Thurs around 4pm - m4m
sportsmans warehouse lady - m4w



hi was in your store tonite you were the very cute hispanic lady workin the customer service desk sorry i was in a hurry but if your single and would like to get together for a drink or dinner or maybe just chat id like that. have a good nite    


college guy looking for older blonde woman - m4w



I'm a younger college guy. I have blond hair and blue eyes. 
You came over to my place after we talked on here over a year ago. I lost you number but would love to meet up again. You took the bus on a Friday and brought beer. 
You were older, blonde hair, slender body, really sexy. 

Send me your pic if this sounds like you. I'll reply with mine if it's you. (:




My fault - m4w



Hey RRS thanks for talking to me after the low blow and the wake up call you probably don't even realize that you caught me off guard with this evening. I bought you a ring that you wore for a while until I started to use it as a tool of control then when you left it tore me up so bad to see you doing well underneath my rule that I did all kinds of crazy shit I really just wanted to say that I'm sorry for hurting you. I know now what it is to have someone try to control you instead of encouraging you to dream. I hope you chase your dreams no matter what the cost no matter where they take you. I am truly sorry for the things I said and did to hurt you and haunt you truth is I gave you my heart then couldn't figure out how it hurt so bad when I tried to make you pay for accepting it. Not gonna blither on any more kiss the rain good morning should be the last hint I need to give but just in case mine are JDC I don't expect you to contact me and hope that you know I'm the one at fault follow your free spirit it guides you well maybe ill catch up with you and watch the man burn one year.    


NYE taco truck downtown portland - w4w



We met at the taco truck around 2 in morning.  I bought you tacos.  You told me you were going back to bg. You got my number and I watched you call my phone but I never got a missed call.    


Rachel from KSU - m4w



I met you through an old roommate of yours, because I dated her. You caught my eye the moment I saw you and I have never forgotten your face. I rarely saw you, but I wish I would have more. Somehow I ended up seeing your name on Facebook, but I thought it would have been weird to try to connect. This is probably really dumb to even write. Just wanted to let it out there.    


corner of SE Powell blvd and 122nd - m4m



today ( 01.05.17) around 7pm, i was at the stop on Powell Blvd to make a left on 122nd and you was waiting for bus, cute guy we had eye contact and you remain watching at me, i was shy and i turn my head a few times but you was watching at me and when i left i smile, tell me what car i driving, and maybe we can meet for a drink. you are cute.    


I miss you - m4w



It's crazy how you can go months without talking to someone but they still cross your mind everyday.

I miss your laugh, your smile, and much more.  I just miss you and want to hold you.



No one knows why



you do it..................You least of all---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    


Dave - w4m



Dave, it had been years since we last saw each other but we finally crossed paths again. We chatted for awhile. You asked for my number so it wouldn't be so long again. I declined but am now regretting it. Tell me where we ran into each other and let's meet again.    


NAMODA - m4m



Please reply. It's a long shot but who knows? You messaged me twice already on SA. I'm just intrigued. You seem nice. I have a great hunch we'll hit it off. Happy New Year!    


LA Fitness steam room - m4m



You were telling me how you lost weight over the holidays from all the running around you were doing.  I couldn't stay long but tell me something you remember about me and maybe we can meet up again    


Salem lawyer - w4m



I'm miss chatting with my old friend.  You seem to have fallen off the face of the Earth.  I hope life/work didn't get you down. Reach out if you are ever in Portland. Perhaps we could catch up over a coffee?    


LA Lloyd Lunchtime - m4m



You're older than I am. We were in the Sauna/ shower/ locker room at the same. Tell me about it so I know who you are. I'm interested, hope to see you around there again.    


23bi female 24 bi female lookign for bi guys 18to25 - ww4m



heather 24 bi female dancer

sarah 23 bi female dancer.

we are looking for bi guys who are into pegging and into being spanked and tied up if this is you pm us if your over 25 dont bother us we will ignore you.

IF YOU WANT TO MEET US YOU NEED TO GO MEET OUR MALE FRIEND BLOW HIM IF HE SAYS YOUR COOL THEN WE CAN FUCK YOU MUST BE INTO BEING FUCKED WITH Strap on ON.
our male friend is doing this as a favor since some guys think its ok to hit women !!! if your not ok with this then dont bother emailing we will not change how we do this or meet guys.
his kik is texxxmannnn50    


Fred Meyer Gresham - m4w



You, blond and amazingly beautiful. You were wearing tight jeans, Uggs and a leather jacket. We parked and you walked in behind me. Me red winter jacket and black and red North Face beanie. You went to jewelry department then to customer service. I thought you were stunning, left me totally twitterpated. I'd love to buy you a cup of coffee.
I hope I see you again.    


Searching for Marcel S - w4m



We meet in December at Cascade Station hotel. Really enjoyed your company but never got your personal contact information. Would love to meet up again soon    


Asked to hold puppy - m4w



at local bbq spot. You asked very sweetly if you and son? could hold puppy. I'm glad you did. You had very pretty blue eyes, and loved your hair. I should have asked for your name before you left. would be interested in talking with you some more. hope to run into you again    


Happy Birthday



To the Carrie Underwood singing, Spice Girl loving, couldn't decide between salad or burger( you chose right) thought you were really cute and seemed sweet. Happy Bday. My Bday is this month as well    


Emily at Starbucks - m4w



You were sitting right in front of me this afternoon, we made eye contact a few times and smiled, but I couldn't tell if it was just because we were facing each other or if you wanted to talk. 

Also, I'm older than you are, but you left at the same time I did, which made me think you might have been waiting to see if I'd approach you. 

You'll probably never see this, but if you do, I think you're stunningly beautiful and from the sounds of it you have the personality to match.

Let me know what kind of car you drive (you pulled out right in front of me) so I know it's you.    


LA Fitness Lloyd Center - m4w



You work there, had white top and boots.  You worked out for a short time and went back to work.  We made eye contact and a few words. Let me know if you would like to meet for a coffee..    


hot muscle boy at LA Fitness - m4m



you were working out from 1-3 this afternoon and really showing it off. I was checking you out while you were checking some of the other hot guys working out. Loved it when you got off the bike with your shorts pulled way up. Did you do that just just because you knew I was looking ? I bet you could use a nice massage after your intense workout, would love to take care of you nicely.    


LA Fitness on 4th Plain in Vancouver - m4m



This afternoon ( Thursday) in the men's locker room
You, younger, very fit, nicely hung.  Me,older, fit, nicely hung
I thought we were checking each other out    


English countryside walking partner - m4w



Your posting for a partner to traipse in England was flagged in a very short time of your posting, very disappointing to me, what is wrong with people?  If you see this, I would like to discuss your plans more as I have a flexible schedule and would love to make the journey. Sincerely, V.    


Susanna - m4w



You work at the front desk of a building we both work at in the Pearl. I find myself checking you out and I'm sure you've caught me a time or two...

I've noticed there's a lot of empty rooms on this floor....maybe if you're kinky and want to have some fun we can disappear into one of those rooms for a bit? 

If you read this, let me know if you're interested?    


Last



Have to be different.
Time to be different.
Hard when triggers are all around, but feeling a shift.
Be optimistic.
Good things take time, great things take longer.
Somethings aren't as bad as they seem when you give them less power.
Days are fine, it's twilight and night the doubts come rolling in.
Those are big because the thought of us means everything.
Not time now.
You - beautiful, love.
Sometimes I freak the fuck out.



Home Depot Brunette - m4w



it's a 50/50 shot but I'd do anything to see you again
I saw you in the home depot, long brunette hair, light colored top, light blue jeans (I believe)
I was in a gray flannel and blue jeans. I was in the appliance aisle with my dog,
you were an aisle or two over. I'm not sure which dept. 
you were in as I was too captured by your elegance.
You caught me looking at you, so I looked away. I looked again and this time you were looking at me (I should have winked).I looked away again 
as so did you. Walking away, I looked back and you were looking at me again!
Don't be shy, let's at least have lunch?    


Nick twink from grindr - m4m



Nick I'm the Dad that offered to service ur cock and swallow ur load regularly but lost my chats I asked you if you wanted daddy issues you said mmm maybe and we chatted back and forth hit me up with my name I'm still down dude. Let me be your daddy speed dial . What's my name so I know it's you    


Cascade Athletic Eastside - m4w



We know there is an attraction.  We glance at each other.  Tell me what I look like and I will know it is you.    


You in Plumber Truck first name starts with G - m4m



Hey dude...we met in a parking lot in Cedar Hills yesterday.  You seemed like a nice guy.  We chatted briefly but I would like to talk more.  Hit me back and maybe continue our coversation.  :)    


Mike..... Thursday Thoughts - w4m



On my mind because it is Thirsty Thursday and you let me drink the cum from your thick cock on Thursdays. I'd cum fast & hard, feeling that hot load hit my tongue, the way you would grab my ass, moaning with delight, remembering our 20s when we fucked/worked/traveled together.
You will that tugging feeling at the back of my throat on Thursday.....



MARK - m4m



We had some great dirty talk and were going to get together to try the real deal. I shattered my phone yesterday but you probably think I ghosted you. Tell me where you're from so I know it's you.    


Neighbor that offered to help - m4w
Cambium - m4w
Choke on a dick - m4m



We met up once.  You sucked me off. Missed you last time.   Want to meet again.  Your posting gone.   To be sure...what do I call you    


Sabib.... - m4w



Did u get my email?  Wishing u a happy new year.  Still hoping for you, waitin for ya, ;*    


D Street Village on Division - m4m



Always see you in the halls and we say hi. You're so cute. I think you have a boyfriend but not sure. If not, say hi.    


Sexy CD at division st. ABS - m4t



I walked in and saw you. I commrnted WoW! You said "Thank You" I went into the arcade to browse titles. I overheard you mention that you were looking for something for your birthday. All the while I heard the click of your heels on the tile floor of store. That really got me hard I didnt find anything that I really wanted to watch. I came out and you were gone. Would love to get together sometime. If that interests you at all. Please get back too me. I think you looked very very sexy!. .    


I'm the Uber driver - m4m



Saturday night I was pick you up from downtown with my car, you cute young blond guy with wheelchair, Maybe you want to talk and go out for a drink, if you see this add tell me what car I'm driving, to know it's you :)    


Read flags & worn tags - m4w



We both had reasons,
Built walls to the sky.
Alone sad seasoned
Shield all that make cry.
Free fall until the ground catches fall.
Leap before looking new love ten feet tall.

Same old song sing and dance do not ask.
Same old story good times never last.
Shame and no glory hide behind masks.
Blame is the only thing in the end that he has.

Know no sad when gone new wind she can fly.
Won't see it coming say I love you goodbye.
How they come is how they go run or crawl.
While trying to please hold so she can answer next call.

Same old story as the last.
Wave bye but don't see leaving so fast.
Shame on the poor he cold not produce cash.
Game over pour me a drink to the past.    


looking for new friend to hangout often - m4m



I'm a single virgin hot russian male looking for a any time of a friend 

ya 26 let and send me a message contact info if you want to be my friend daily or very often & see me a lot hangout at my place long -term friendship who will be interested in me 1000% about having a russian friend like me and i am okay with other poeple race too so ya.. i play video games and watch tv and good looking and very nice ruski so if you like that send me pictures and info and tell me more about you? and i live alone so i just want need a friend who would like/love to see me daily or very often you pick i don't want one night stand or users then leave so prove to me you want me.. 

i can do simple stuff like free sleepover, shower, tv, video games, help with your college homework at my place and help you out you can sleep over as much you want free and visit me freely as much you want :)

i'm not into top or bottom never ever that is nasty and you be the same ... i'm not into guys who smoke cig , weed, or 420 and drugs.. i am healthy and very clean person and good looking 

I welcome anyone age, stats, status, ethnicity who wants me badly to be friends with me 24/7    


Cigarettes on Lombard - m4m



I bought smokes from you tonight. You were super sexy. Right before I left you asked for my name.. I wanted to ask yours but I was too shy. Answer this with my name bud and I'll do whatever you want in return... ;)    


You were my cab driver - t4m



You were my cab driver tonight. You were so cute and the whole time all I could think of was blowing you.

You'll probably never see this but if you do and youre interested in getting your cock sucked let me know.

Tell me what we talked about so I know its you. And send a pic if you're comfortable.    


dodo bed - w4m



I'm da dodo bed, thinking about you and Lou. Hope life is fairing you well.

Yours,
Hannah    


Long shot - m4w



To the beautiful lady in front of dollar tree by Burnside Rd that ask me for a light for her cigg shall ask for ur name n number I was in a rush love to see u again tell me wat I was wearing n u to know is u ASAP gorgeous    


Looking for the Lady with the Third Eye (disregard zip code) - m4w



Firstly, I don't know the zip code where I saw you. But as for my message to you...

I'm the one who was wearing the black coat, blue-ish hat, and was leaning on the orange backpack. Your smile was so peaceful and warm through the cold air, and your eyes held a gleam of the sun. I wondered what you were reading, and tried to watch softly, so you didn't feel as if you were being negatively watched.

 You were a beautiful sight that morning, and I'm glad to have seen your face, and the notable feature of some marking on your forehead. I wonder what we can learn from each other if we were to keep in touch. 

May your life be full of love and peace, and strength to overcome all difficulties and challenges that help us to grow in life.    


Brunette at Tanasbourne 24 Hour Fitness - m4w



You were wearing a green tank top with black pants. I noticed you noticing me. About 8:30 pm on Wednesday, 1/4. Put what you recall about me in the subject line.    


blue - m4w
Barnes and noble this evening - w4m
Richmond Clinic security guard - w4m



I saw you today and, omg, you are extremely good looking wow!

I looked like crap or I would've approached you, well maybe not, you are just too handsome.    


Outside NW Trader Joe's, 6:45 pm Wed. - m4w



This is a total longshot (but aren't these all?). We passed each other on the sidewalk as I was walking into Trader Joe's on NW Glisan and we each did a double take - I thought you looked familiar, but couldn't place you. You had braided hair, a white sweater/overcoat and jeans. I would've swung back around to say hi but I was late for a meeting...    


Vegan burger and tots - m4w



You sold me my dinner tonight (as described in the title) just before closing up, and now I'm wishing I'd asked for your phone number when you asked if there was anything else I'd like. You are really sweet. I'm not accustomed to having that kind of connectivity when ordering and buying things. I was caught speechless wondering whether that's the way you interact with all customers or if there was something there... If that's the way you treat all customers then I just want to let you know that you are a gem of a human being, and if that was something special for me then I would love to share it with you again sometime.

I don't like to ask girls out while they're working, considering they are being paid to interact with me, but in this case I wish I had. Send me a message with my name or something telling of my physical description in the title if you'd like to connect :)

...And you were right, the special sauce was great on the tots    


North east health clinic employee - w4m



You waved at me in the hallway yesterday. When you caught me staring at you. I was going to wave back but I was in shock. You make me so nervous idk how to act around you so sometimes I'm mean to you. I'm sorry I'm just scared you don't like me back. If this you tell me if you like me back and send me a pic of you.    


Never gonna be - m4w



As I sit here pondering the road I've walked, I realise something. I will never be a missed connection. Nobody will ever look at me and say "that's someone I'd like to meet". Nobody will ever look twice at me, for I am not worth noticing. 

-Mr. Midnight.    


"Missing you But I Wish..... - w4m



You could have been a Better Man"    I heard it on the radio on my way home and it fit US To a Tee....and it made me THINK if I would have never told you what I saw, would we still be together???   HOW LONG WOULD YOU HAVE WAITED TO TALK TO ME ABOUT IT!!!!      I was concerned about you but it turned sideways on me...YOU Can't even fathom how Bad you hurt me, US!!!! You were my everything to me!!!! and Yes I can make the Star's Dance well maybe not right now But still wishing You could have been a better Man....... I thought you wanted the same....Ladybug    


Conundrum - m4w




hard 
to say
if my ass's longing
for your desire
of it
is stronger
than my wish
that you long
for my desire
of yours.
only one way 
to find out.    


Oh so over you mv - w4m



I finally feel confident enough to say it after seeing you the other night 
and knowing for 100% it's not my problem that your dick can't get hard.
I think of you in the land of patheticness as I sit here wondering why you can't even say or send a  hello after you taking advantage of me while I was trying to give romantic intimacy.
Fuck you & your "mom's house"    


Game Stop Almost Encounter - m4w



I almost bumped into you as you came out of Game Stop, and was caught by your eyes. I can still see them even though it was dark out. Some things just make an impression. Sushi became an afterthought.    


midnight on the beach in the Mediterranean - m4w



and I miss you, even here taking it all in. 

I used to message you on your birthday, you not on mine. That's plenty fair I suppose. 

I quit messaging you last year, but it doesn't mean I don't miss you all the same.

Hope you've been well cookie.    


Longhaired Guy at Walmart - m4m



Came in to the store tonight (Wednesday) around 5:30, you were standing near the home and pharmacy entrance and I grabbed a basket and you complimented my shirt - you are really handsome (especially those eyes and that gorgeous hair) and I would've stayed and chatted some more but you were standing next to a co-worker (?) and I got skittish. I know that these "missed connection" things are a longshot, but I figured there's no harm in trying. I'd love to get to know you better!

Tell me what was on my shirt and what color of shirt you were wearing so I know it's you - hope to meet you!    


bus 71 - m4w



You black boots with fur black hair black jacket brown hoodie. short and beautiful you looked me up and down and offered me a seat next to you but I sat in the middle in the back. You got off at Safeway close to the dairy queen. If you are interested and remember me message me and tell me what I was wearing.    


Drove us home after Goodfoot - no name - w4m



You gave me and my roommate a ride home after Goodfoot. Shopping bags, nintendo, yoga mat, same birthday, best kiss, no names. 

I changed my mind... it's a deal. 

You know where I live, come back!    


ImThatGirl1229 - m4w



You sent me an email on a rather...inappropriate website...now i can't get into read your message.  Hoping we can connect faster than the websites IT can get it together...sanewaareaguy....    


Hot Sauce - w4m



You always wanted one of these. I don't know what to say. I know that you did it on purpose. I'll never stop being sorry for all the pain you carried with you. I'll never stop blaming the people you never could. This is so confusing. You were the worst thing that ever happened to me, but I loved you more than I have ever loved anyone. I had to believe that you were a lie, that everything was a lie to learn to let you go. Now I won't ever know what was true, but I had finally let you go. And now like an infinite ghost that somehow lives in my heart and in the sky I know I won't ever truly be able to let go. I'm so so so sorry. Your laugh. Your smile. I carry that now. Know that I love you. I hope you have finally found peace. -chickenwing    


*** Gentleman shopping **** - m4m



You caught me staring at the underwear manicans package, lol.
Then after some small talk you said you wished you didn't have to meet your wife in 20 minutes, then I knew what you wanted :). So I said it shouldn't take more than that with a smile. you knew what I would do :) We went out to your Jag and you wasted no time getting your cock out and I eagerly deep throat sucked you to get you off quick :). It worked and I took it all, Love a distinguished older man , quick no mess and we went our separate ways. I want to see you again and go to bed with you, email me!    


Beautiful View - w4m



Your presence grabbed my attention from the moment I saw you. We have interacted, just hello, stunned silence, and have a great day.... on a few occasions. 

I know the vehicle you drive...the football team you cheer for! 

We have had at least months to talk to each other, we do not work or go to school together.
Know that I want to say more, but your sexy bitch slaps me every time I see you. I have to go and shake my head as I am old enough and confident enough to speak a full sentence.... I just need to find a cure for the head spin you give me.
Damn.... Just Damn.... so hot.... Damn



winco biker guy by brush prairie - w4m



I was big gal with mixed race friend in winco bp. Long brown hair in self check out line with friend. Iam single and 50. I never do this but i thought wth. Not looking for sexual hook up but attracted to something about you!!! I lve alone and have one grown daughter in college. If you were getting same vibes the put what you were looking at before you went through check out! Your silver hair was neet and perfect and that leather looked amazing on you. I never do this but my daughter convinced me. Hope im not being foolish in thinking you looked interested in me. Afternoon 1-2-2017 tuesday.    


I'm a barista, you're my customer... - w4m



You get a white mocha and you're a 'farmer' that grows my kind of greens.
You're quite a bit older than me, but I'm very attracted to you. I'm too nervous to say anything to you... 
but maybe you'll read this and tell me that you feel the same!    


I miss you! - m4w



I think of you, of the good and the bad. I know I made the right choice. BUT!! it doesn't make it any better. I wish, I wish I can erase the good. maybe it will be better. The good was so powerful though I have tried. I need to move on I am stuck. 
Hoping this will help.




black and white    


****** Reading My Post ****** - m4w



Hello there, are you so tired of going to the missed connections hoping that to see that someone you talked to that day or exchanged eye contact and smiles would post here, but then never see it. I know because I do and I'm sure there are plenty others. So today I am going to be a missed connection for you. Your awesome, you have a very warm and inviting smile, I luv the smell of your clean hair when you pass by, your sparkling eyes when we glance at each other. When I see you my day is made bright and nothing else matters. I long to hold your hand and feel the luv. Hope you have a super week stay warm.    


Visiting from Eugene on NYE - m4w



I was your driver from your party spot to your friend's house after the ball dropped at midnight. When we got to your friend's house, the lock was jammed and the three of us were able to get the door open. I had one last thing I wanted to tell you Rachel but didn't. I'm hoping you find this so I can tell you.    


re: let go - w4m



This is today.
Was just wholeheartedly having the same conversation with myself.
It's a New Year. This place is stale with wasted efforts that rob us of energy, more dust.
I'm making my own rituals.
I think those idyllic relationships do exist, just rare, take longer to start maybe.
Good luck to us both! :)    


guy at post office.. - w4m



You were entering as I left the post office and you were so respectful to the older gentleman walking beside you. You had a big smile and it caught my eye. I waited in my car like a creep to see you one more time. haha you came out and went to your truck and I left. I should have said something:( probably won't see this but why not) haha    


caregiver imet on max - m4w



Hello
We met and spoke briefly on the max. I should've asked for your number, I didn't.
You mentioned you were a care giver, I said I came here to buy a suburu.


Maybe you'll read this, yes?



two guys at paradise from boring in the arcade - m4m



You guys were in the arcade but had no idea what it was. I joined you guys to watch a video but you guys just talked and didn't really seem like anything was gonna happen. If like to get together with one of you, message me and tell me where you moved from    


Needing some perspective - m4w



If you suspect your man of cheating...and are right, but don't know it, know it. 
And your man, tho he's been doing dirt, genuinely loves and wants forever with you.
Would you really want to know.    


Usher: Red-Head at 5pm Service - w4m



Usher:
Probably has a gay lover or attached to a woman

Aside from...You looked great!
It's nice to see a man who likes to wear his hair short with no facial hair.

Have a wonderful 2017!




Looking for Jodi-Jody? Stayed at the Sherriff's office - m4w



Hey Jodi! We met months ago when you hit me up for a smoke and we hung out at the park for a bit. Haven't seen you on the block since...... Things have changed and we can do whatever we want to do. We both wanted to then, but i had those stupid rules.

For anybody know Jodi she was staying in the old sherriff's office off Glisan. If you know her show her this, I have a warm place, food, shower, glass.... all the things. Just got to get contact established. 

Either send a pic or tell me my name or something so I know it's you    


Girl on bike at Mini Mart on 1901 Kauffman Ave - m4w



Hello. We didn't officially meet but you asked me if I had a phone and I replied with sorry no I didn't. I was hoping we could get to know more. I thought you were really cute and very beautiful and I would love to get to know you. I hope that you find my post and reply to me.    


Let go - m4w



Never coming here again. Its just not going to get anywhere. Maybe a post as been read by the intended here and there. How rare is that occurrence? When I think about all the posts I've made, and whether they've actually made it to their destination, and I see where I am, I feel pretty empty. 

I have issues. One of them is loneliness. I guess the key to happiness, at least for me, is learning how to appreciate the people in my life and the gifts I receive, knowing they will leave

I try to remember that everything is dust. The betrayal, the jealousy, the paranoia.

That heavy weight crushing my heart choking any desire to live is dust and it dissolves. 

I want someone I can share everything with. We can build an incredible life together. Come up with our own rituals, idiosyncrasies. I guess that's a fantasy, though? The idyllic relationship where every fight ends with makeup sex except you never fight or whatever.  

It's okay because nobody cares.

This is a droid no one is looking for.    


57 bus this afternoon - m4m



We saw each other again on the bus and had a conversation. We talked about our lives and what we've been up to. I hope you see this even just to go have a drink. We both were reading a book. You resident evil. What was I reading??    


Seeking "T"...are you still out there? - m4w



I had a hard time figuring things out in my own life, but I still can't stop thinking about you and our brief time together.
You know who i am.
Your hobby is flying far above the earth.
It has been a year...i needed this time to discover the truth...and i'm ready to talk with you
Please forgive me.
E    


You visited me in a dream this morning! - w4m



The only reason I reached out to you last year was to congratulate you because I heard you got engaged. 

This morning in an unexpected dream, I went up to the teacher to turn in my assignment and you followed me. I was trying to avoid you, knowing you weren't too happy with me. But to my surprise you smiled and hugged me (tight) and didn't let go. The teacher said, "You guys look so happy, you should be together." That's when I hugged you back. Noticing you were even more happy I said, "Oh we will, later on in life." 

That might be the thought I've held on to for a while now since the last time I saw you. It's been years. 

I don't know if you already got married, if so, congratulations, really. I'm just glad you came to visit me in a dream, even if it was to say goodbye, see you later, idk. Whatever that was, left me a smile on my face.



Orange Boxers at LA Fitness - m4m



We ran into each other a couple times yesterday afternoon...the sauna, the shower and the locker room. I was gonna chat but a creepy older guy kept checking you out.
I can tell you like showing off so I thought we could figure out a time for some extra attention. What do you think?
Tell me something you remember about me.    


Jocelyn - m4w



I've never had someone so adorable knock on my door.
Hope you're having a great day.    


Callene - m4w



looking for Callene Lavelle from 1971 the dalles  went to wahtaka hi school
I was her prom date/lover  
thought about you all these years would love to re-connect
bounce on my lap again like the good ol days
I remember do you? hope I can find you again
anyone know her?  please contact me    


Two leafs - m4w



Hi, two leafs.... What do you mean, what's your purpose or meaning.... I will say it all started when I first saw you.  Oh my you are a very tall woman, and I have noticed you once or twice.  Lets say I somewhat get excited when I see you.  I think you are very very beautiful brunette and somewhat tall makes you very attractive.  I don't know if you are Russian or what ethnicity..... Your voice is different, so sweet, and charming.... Just as your eyes, and smile.  You are a woman of character.... A hard worker.  

I don't know why two weeks ago you appeared in a dream of mine.  I remember something about you left a friend to go be with me.  You chose me over the friend.  But, I had to glue two leafs together with something.  I discovered it was find two leafs and they must be together, held together with something.... so I used toothpaste.  

I woke up and I was outside my house and saw two leafs on my porch area, and found myself pick up only them.... There were others, but these two seemed to match.  I thought of you so much as I held them.  I ended up gluing them with tooth paste, and they sat on my counter.  A week after I put them in a wine glass.  

There is not a day I don't think about you.  I don't even think you know me or even notice me.  I don't even know your name or anything.

This is a shot in the dark.  Oh boy.    


To Tammy from Tom and your X - m4w



Today is the first time that I have seen my wife in about 9 months god only knows how i feel about her she looks so good I couldn't believe my eyes she is still so beautiful to me I truly miss her ..., god only knows how sorry i am I wish she would learn what addiction really is and realize that I am still me and I can't change what has happened please try to at least try to forgive me. .. I love you forever always will

Your brother Thomas Posted that on his wall a few months back.  He called me a Meth head even though he called my house looking for drugs when you were recovering from surgery.  The point is, it was always this level of hypocrisy from this entire group.  I feel for him, I really do.  It is not that I want you back.  You would not be happy no matter what I did.  you want to be with Andy and you proved that in a lot of way.  The point is that I suffered a lot of things from people who had no room to talk.  I got really down and dirty with my therapist and she was taken back by your family dynamic.  The fact that you would subject men you love to your family is pretty bad.  Most people grow up and move away from their family and get independent lives.  You either feel you owe them or you are afraid to grow up and seperate in a healthy way.  That is why you allow yourself to be abused by them and by others.  Then you finally resort to extremes as a way of defense.  Tom, Chris, Mandy, Jen, and even you do drugs or drink more than you should but judge others for the same things you do.  Tom is a good dude with a good heart.  He seemed to have genuine concern for your safety.  But his concern is really a stemming of ego.  Your family puts you in worse positions that I ever could, they hurt you like I never could.  But he feels like he is protecting you from me?  LOL crazy.  If I was gonna go to 3rd in kelso I would have a long time ago.  Because I have a messed up family and brain I was dependent on your codependent.  Our dynamic was terrible, and we were never in love.  A whirlwind romance with lots of sex and some good laughs.  But you could never walk straight on your own and even though I saved you, you were gonna fix me?!?!  NO NO NO.  All your past relations were with addicts, Andy drinks a lot, Dean was in prison for drugs, the girl's dad was a druggy, JD is a meth head.  You need that because of what you grew up around.  Being your own person is hard for you, being alone even when with others.  So you can't fufill or be fufilled in a healthy manor.  In fact if you admit the truth, the truth is you feel complete and with purpose when the bastards fuck you over and you have to pick yourself up from the ashes and chaos.  That is inspiring, and gives you purpose.  You never had a good marriage, or long term relationship.  You never kept a good budget, or managed your own things.  Surrounding yourself with chaos and making sure it crumbles.  When I asked you to get a life, or make friends, or asked you to spend time away.  But you still insist that I kept you home even though I have witnesses to the contrary.  Jim molesting you, and your family asking you to put him up in your home is just a symptom of the kind of insanity.  Then Jim being strung out and trying to tell on me for wanting drugs is exactly what I mean.  You people can't see past your own arrogance, hypocrisy, like your shit does not stink so you should point out other people's.  I wanted you back years ago because I expected it to work.  You wanted to come back and make sure it didn't work.  That is where you dwell, that is your pattern.  If anybody in your family ever took the time to have consideration, or to have compassion or understanding the sky might fall in.  I will pray for you since I know you are hoping I will come do something crazy to validate you as a victim.  But I won't because I genuinely feel terrible for you.  You will always be a kicking post, and always trample anybody who would take that away from you.  How many time while you were in college did they just down right interfere with your studying?  I bet any new relationship you have had was the same thing.  Maybe not as extreme but dude ran away screaming or is in awe of the horrible nature of how you are treated or he is treated.  In fact he is either a recovering addict, or in active addiction, or his parents are heavily addicted.  He sits hands clasped, with intensity waiting for the ball to drop and you go about with your goofy smile talking optimistic but your actions bring certain destruction.   Here is a pic of you and Tom so you know it is you.  I know if you don't see it you can never see this was written to you.  I hope you the best.  Tom had another FB page and a post that talked about cutting food benefits and jobs for addicts.  Being all conservative and stuff.  LOL no shame at all.  I am so grateful it came back to bite him in the ass.    


Sara/ Sarah - m4w



I have such a crush on you.   I think you are so beautiful.... Send me a message and let's chat.  

I wish you knew..... I get scared. It's like up try to get to know you.  I like you.  I don't know.  

Do you want to chat?  Tell me about yourself, so I know if it's you.  

Let me know... Talk to you soon. 








exchanged smiles 5th & pine 8:45pm ish 1/3 - m4w
Sassy barista at Starbucks - m4w



-J

George Micheal died, instantly thought about you, as your favorite band is WHAM. It's cute that you like alpacas so much.    


24 hr fitness - m4m



We were doing weights tonight around 9, and you showered next to me following your workout. You have a shaved head and facial hair. Kind of got the vibe that you were interested. Hit me up if you want to grab a drink.    


Cute girl waiting for bus 9 - m4w



Hey i thought you were beautiful, you were waiting for the bus at the cesar chavez bus stop tonight bus came around 11pm. I noticed you kept looking at me and i was totally looking back. I didnt approach you since i thought that old guy was probably your dad since he was standing so close to you. I was the short dude with the longboard wearing black everything. You were wearing jeans, leather jacket and a beanie.

 If by any chance you see this you should reply and go out and get to know each other.

You got off at the stop before 112th and powell.  Hope to hear from you, if not ill prob see you again    


Cute airport worker - m4w



I don't know if you will ever see this posting.  Maybe, or maybe not.  I will give it a try.  I see no reason why not too.   I see you from time to time, and when I do, I get so many butterflies when I do and I think my heart skips a few beats.  What an affect you have on me.  This doesn't usually happen, but when I see you.... Oh god.  I want to say something and it just doesn't come out.  

I get it!!!!!!! Oh you have a great personality and I see that from what I know.  Im not shy to say you are very beautiful, attractive, pretty eyes, and amazing smile.   

Heart strings are pulled everytime I see you.  If you think it's you, reply and if it's cool let's get a coffee or a drink.    


Breakside Brewery on NYE - w4m



On New Year's Eve my girlfriend and I started our celebration around four by having dinner at Breakside Brewery, one of our favorite spots for special occasions. We were seated next to you and your family and didn't think much of it until it was time to cash out and the server said you had picked up our tab before you left. This was a surprise and I wish I had gotten the opportunity to thank you myself. Perhaps you heard me insisting on taking her out to celebrate despite some of our financial struggles lately or maybe you're just a really nice guy - but the gesture meant a lot to the two of us and it felt good to start the evening off with that feeling of kindness.

Happy New Year, I hope you and your lovely family have a fantastic 2017.    


Seeking Fran - m4w



Years ago we worked together at Vancouver Mall
 You could feel the attraction between us. You tried so hard to get me to make a move, but I just could not. I wanted to, but I had really strong feelings for you and did not want to use you. You had a boyfriend, a "diamond" and had gotten pregnant. This is a completely stupid post and I know you'll never see it. I had to do it though. I thought you were beautiful then and am sure you've only grown more so. I have never forgotten you. You worked in jewelry. I know the daddy, husband?, is still in Vancouver. Okay, at least this is out there. Crazy and stupid I know, but whatever. I hope all is well with you and maybe, just maybe, you have thought of me.    


14 Hawthorne bus - m4m



You are a handsome beast, full beard, pierced ears, bowtie.  We made eye contact and smiled in the back of the bus this morning around 8am (Tuesday the 3rd.) We both got off downtown,  I complemented you. You smiled back at me after I told you to have a good day.  You're sexy as fuck. Would love to get to know you better.    


Amy I deleted your email - m4w



Hi Amy, we've been emailing for over a week but deleted your email.  I didn't want you to think I just blew you off.  Hope to hear from u soon!

R    


I Am So Sorry Craig - w4m



Craig. I am so sorry. 

I stole your pen. You know the one. The one with your name on it. 

I found it this morning. It was hanging out in my purse. I used it to play sudoku. I won. I thank you for that, Craig. 

I don't know who you are (I can only hope you're Craig Manning because that would be pretty cool). I don't even know a Craig, but here I am, with your pen. 

I don't know when I took it from you; I have a long history of stealing pens so it literally could have been anytime. 

I just want to say I'm sorry. 

Also you're not getting it back. It's a really nice pen. 

Once again, sorry.    


TO J.L. - m4w



You, my dear, had briefly captured my heart. Forever locked in my soul. This is a very hard thing for another to do and yet, despite me pushing you away like I have done, you had managed to encapsulate both. And because you have managed to do so, I have managed to push you away. T    


Love Ya Man...



We all know your very intelligent and a overly giving person!
Neither one of us has anything to prove to anyone!
Either one would take a bullet for the other, I truly believe it!
I know there are many who will do the same out there!

Simply not just about you or I, okay!

I believe good and great things to come!

There is no one in the world I want to see and help more then you!

There is no one in the world who wants away from here and them then me!

I've no idea what your up to or where you are and don't want to know tell I'm out of there reach!

If I feel you're or anyone is going to be harmed by them specifically you I will take the brunt and lead them away!

You've nothing to prove to anyone specially the fucking government.

They know you're brilliant and a bright star for the good for all people why else would they come up with me!

No you, no me!

I absolutely will not participate in a adrenaline rush ego trip for either one!




PS: "send in someone we can trust and take somewhere safe go from there"

You maybe mad at me but it's for the good of all, okay!






24 hour fitness DT last year - m4m



We met when we showered across from each other. You were checking me out and started playing with yourself. Watching you made me hard and when I went to get my towel next to your stall, you grabbed my cock and started stroking me. I think you were seeing someone at the time. Let me know if you are interested in meeting up sometime. Send a pic so I know it's you.    


Fantasy HJ - m4m



You gave me the best HJ, that I've ever had in the booth in the fantasy ABS. I wish u would have pulled out your cock. That was the best HJ I've ever had, I was a bit embarrass that I came so quick... I left right after I came. I would like to try this again... hit me up if u r interested.    


Little Bat... - m4w



Jeannette seeing if you were still out there - I am sure you are-? Hope you are well! If you see this, would you like to do  coffee?

Brian    


Compass coffee on Vancouver - m4w



hi, 

you came in today and i think i heard the barista call you claire. 

I had to leave before i could talk to you, wish i hadn't been in a hurry........    


Undelivered mix tape - m4w



We never got a chance to meet in person before you went away for the holidays, but we spent many hours conversing and was really looking forward to meeting in person.  We talked, despite the time difference, a lot over the holidays and you said you would call me as soon as you got back into town.  I never heard more from you and your number is now disconnected.  

My head is cold, and my present to you looks to go undelivered, and I'm wondering if you were even real at all.  I don't know how to feel other than hollow and confused.  I hope you are ok.    


Beautiful - m4w



Oh my this beautiful woman.  I think you are the most beautiful woman in this world.  Very beautiful, prettiest eyes, great smile, and just perfectly made!!!  I got a wave!!!!!!!

Smiles...  I see you from time to time but when I do, I think the world stops for me for the moment.  You have that affect. Then you go ahead and wave.  My heart stopped.  

If this is you, and you either reply and tell me why it's you and who you may be.    


24 fitness tech - m4w



You were in the steam room and we chatted about work.   Hope to chat if nothing else we might be able to network together.    It was on Tuesday morning.    


Cute female in black flats on MAX - m4w



I think you saw me staring...I sat next to you on the train and you were playing with your black flats. I dreamt of smelling your feet but my nose was plugged :-(

What were you carrying? I'd love to take you out for coffee or a drink - I'll rub your feet if you want!    


Re; I miss my best friend - w4m



I  wish this was for me,  we always said we were best friends and I miss that terribly.  More details please    


Hey Cindy at Fibre Cedit Union - m4w



Cindy Cooper Your hot!  High school crush is still going!  Still the prettiest eyes!    


Some Such Shit




New year.....same feelings....must be love.....
Moving on hasn't helped....I fear the pain will forever remain with me....

Love, light, laughter, compassion, acceptance, honesty......

Replaced with....
Fear, self loathing, darkness, sadness, pain, loss, melancholy.....

Broken

Some Such Shit that I live in.    


Starbucks Wilsonville - m4w



Nice Barista at the Starbucks in N Wilsonville.  Really like talking to you,  and look forward to the days I get to travel south so I can stop by.  Your name starts with an H.  Thank you for making me smile.    


beautiful disaster - w4m



My little sister says that is what I am... 
I might have to agree... 
This is the first and last time I will post on here...
I just had to say, if I ever told you I loved you, I ment it. 
If I ever said I was sorry, please know I am sorry.
If I ever hurt you, please know I am deeply sorry.
If you ever loved me and are not in my life now,
just know I forgive you. 
Life is to short for all the anger we carry. 
I love you, all!!!    


PSU delivery girl - m4w



I never thought a brown uniform could be that damn sexy. Wish I had the time this morning to race you to the back of your truck.    


RE: I miss my best friend. - w4m



Code Name The Librarian. May the universe bless you each and everyday. I can't see a butterfly without thinking of you. My hope is that you get this message.
All my love Nurse Kink.    


Hooters - m4w



Thank you to the big titted bartender who gave me some free wings. I appreciate your support and you're obviously a total babe.    


year end review - m4w



It's been a year since I learned the last piece of information about you that I needed. Your last lie. The Big one. The one that almost took me down. December 21, 2015-that was a great day, when your hold over me disappeared.That was healing. Then it was time to give back. And I've given back sufficiently.

Recently I was able to look you in the eye and ask you the question that I was holding onto, waiting for the moment. That was healing. So much so. It felt good to be able to make you respond in a way that you'd done to me for so long. I hope your boys enjoyed the chase!

You had me going for awhile. Too long. I finally was able to find out what i needed to about you. Psychopath.

And now? Life's feeling good again!    


Work crush- Missed  Connection - m4w
LA Fitness Jan 1 orange stocking hat - m4m



I was leaving and you were arriving, orange stocking cap, you patted my sweatty shirt, twice. Brief chat and you went to lift, around 4:00 pm. You seem like a nice guy, wouldn't mind buying you a beer sometime.    


We work together - m4w



And have for well over a year now. You'll never read this but I need to tell someone. 

If I could, I'd devour you. 

We both have our lives and situations and all that comes with it. 

It's purely carnal and my lust intensifies when you occasionally wear low cut tops and I get glimpses of your cleavage. Or that one time I noticed a thong- something I'd never expect you to wear. Even with you being older, it makes me want to do dirty things with you even moreso. 

I fantasize if only we were ever alone. It would never happen, I'm sure you don't feel the same way.    


nichole at bj.finkles in gresham - m4w



Im greg I had the black camaro I wanted to talk to you but I dont think your friends were into me at all but you kept flirting with me and I hope you text me the number I gave you or find me here if so it would be fate. You are stunningly beautiful    


Incredible blonde walking in and out of office building - m4w



You were the incredible blonde walking in and out of my office building Tuesday morning. I was talking on a cell phone out front in the cold. We smiled way to long and I've been grinning ever since. You were wearing tan heels and slacks, long blonde hair almost platinum. I'd love to say hello again!    


Looking for Amanda Whisler or Belville - m4w



I'm looking for a girl named Amanda Whisler or Belville
 She lived with me back in 2000
 She lived in Vancouver before moving in with me
She went to Evergreen Hi School
 Not sure if she ever got married
 She would be 35 to 37 now
 Very short 
 If you know of her, please let me know or let here know
I'm just wondering if she still around or up to

 My name is Michael 
 Thanks    


Handsome guy at Natural Grocers Gresham - w4m



This is a long shot... I've never tried this before but I figured why not!
I was checking out at the first register as you walk in the Natural Grocers in Gresham on Monday around noon, I have long brown hair, brown eyes - I was wearing a gray jacket, dark colored jeans and grayish boots. You were standing in the produce department, as I was boxing up my items, I looked up and saw you. We locked eyes and you gave me the most gorgeous smile. 
As I was walking out to my car I saw you again, you had walked back out to your vehicle to grab something... we connected with smiles again as I drove away. Not only are you very handsome, but something about you has stuck with me and made me very curious, i'd like to know more about you. If you're single and available i'd love to meet for coffee soon :-)  
If you see this, reply with the color of my vehicle and the color of your vehicle so I know I have the right guy.    


Shalaelah New Years Dance Party - m4w



My name is Zach, we met on the couch in the basement of a house party dance party in North Portland On New Years. You said you were born in Turkey and I cannot remember if im spelling your name correctly due to alcohol. Shalaelah? We connected over traveling Europe and art and painting and you were supper cool the most interesting person. We should make some artwork together!  



Jessica the Fred Meyer's Cashier - m4w



You've rung me up before, but you may not remember me. After all, you see a million faces a day! Anywho, just wanted to let you know that you put a smile on my face during your shift yesterday. If you're single, you should uh, message me and stuff :P    


The final final straw



It's like reading the same book over an over. I'm done with this book now. The character never changes. Hoped for a sequel yet that book never made it to the editor. My stomach turned when you woke me from a dead sleep only to accuse me of fooling around with my house mate, accusing me of cheating with a pizza parlor owner because I ate a breath mint before going to pick up pizza.Finally I'm realizing it's better to be single than be with someone that truly makes me unhappy. Feels good! I know you read these, I think you're reading these and confusing reality an CL fiction. I really do hope you can jump right in with someone else so that way you can shift your craziness onto someone else...I'm really out..finally the final straw    


The way you rode - m4w



I often times think about you. I used to tell you that you knew how to ride a cock and mine was no exception. If I could only experience that again. Janel, you and I are like poison together but fuck, that poison was pretty damn tasty. Just wanted to get that off my mind. I highly doubt that you will see this but if you do, tell me what we used to drink everyday that summer we lived together.    


Letting love go - m4w



I love her and will battle in my mind forever more. She was both beauty and the beast. Good luck with your new love..... 

You can be the most beautiful person in the world and everybody sees light and rainbows when they look at you, but if you yourself don't know it, all of that doesn't even matter. Every second that you spend on doubting your worth, every moment that you use to criticize yourself; is a second of your life wasted, is a moment of your life thrown away. It's not like you have forever, so don't waste any of your seconds, don't throw even one of your moments away    


I-5 Northboud Flatery Monday afternoon - w4m



You were driving a Chevy with luggage in the back. I in a blue mini-van. Yesterday was a hard day for me. Your amazing smile and flattery was a sweet distraction. Thank you. Hope you made it to your destination safely. If you see this and want to respond, in the subject line put what you mouthed to me so I know it's you. (A lot of crazy people trying to get the attention of strangers on here. Lol). 

S.    


"pretty eyes" - m4w



You, a gorgeous woman, with pretty eyes and a great smile.  You are very beautiful!!!!   I love your eyes as you make this eye contact and the brightest smile lights up.  You are the prettiest woman in this world.   A great day!!!!!  You are beautiful. 

A chance if you see this, we could go out for a coffee.    


Loved and Lost - w4m



"It's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all."

Bullshit. 

If I hadn't fallen for my best friend many years ago, I would be better off. :-( .

I guess I could have just not told him on that fateful night, but it was too good to pass up. 

Now our friendship is forever lost. Nothing I regret more. 

Wishing I kept my damn mouth shut. 



Looking For Pen Pals - m4w



My son is in prison in Salem and is looking for pen pals. If your interested in writing him, please respond and I will give you his info.    


We met in London last year. - m4w



Last year, we met in London at a train station. I believe it was late New Year's Eve 2015.  I remember wishing you a happy new year and you politely returning the wish. I had a feeling you were a good person and had a solid team spirit. So, I friended you and fortunately you accepted.  Over the year, you proved to be one of the kindest people I've ever met! It's cool how we banter about the silliest, raunchiest things and we go along with it. I think we are both creative, open-minded souls traveling on the same wavelength, so to speak.

Some things I think about you. . .You are the kind of person who gives an open ear to others. You do not accept others to be put down or name called. You spread positivity. You ooze with quirky personality and a light that attracts others. You make people happy. You make me happy. And, you are humble. I think every time I have given you a sincere compliment, you humbly denied it and returned the compliment to me. Don't be silly! You are amazing.

You have my word: so as long as you desire, you have a friend in me. I wish you and your loved ones the very best 2017 :)

P.S.  You are one sexy dandelion. Your giggles get me going. Your dirty jokes are exciting. It's so hot how you seem nice and professional on the outside, and then on the inside you can be quite sassy and naughty. Half the time, I'm typing with one hand. Jeez. Be gentle with me. Well, okay. . .rough, only if you want? :P

P.S.S. I'm going to bed with an extra sock tonight.



--- Beulahland Sweetness --- - m4w



Jan. 2nd, 'bout 6 or 7 o'clock. You were working the front counter and beaming a wonderful smile, just plain shining with cuteness.

Blond-ish (?), short cut hair. 

I was the bloke with glasses with my african-american-phillipino friend and we sat and ate stuff. We chatted while my buddy looked for his ID, poking fun that he couldn't find it and you mentioning (I think!) a cool belt you had with holsters for stuff and I mention my good friend that still rocked the fanny pack. 

Hoping that smile was more than just you being great at your job, either way it was an enjoyable smile 
to be around. 





My post was flagged - m4w



We've been emailing back and forth all day 1/2/17 thru my Craigslist post email, now that it's down I can't seem to email you.  Just want to be able to exchange contact info before our meeting on Thursday 4pm.  Respond to this email with my vehicle type and color so I know it's you!    


Pursue - w4m



Just don't do unless you are ready. Seriously, do a self check and engage with who you are before you wind good women into your confused and emotionally unavailable self.  Men who chase just to chase and once they get it and walk away are low life's. I understand we all have things we are working through but don't drag a woman into your need for ego support and gratification. It's ridiculous. What is even worse, as an awakened woman, is when you allow yourself to feel
Life with these type of men and then they run away and tell you that you imagined things. To you I say go self heal and stop thinking multiple women will make you feel better, we won't. 
It breaks my heart to see people looking outward to heal when truely the real work is within. Stop exploiting souls by not opening your eyes to YOU. No amount of sex or women can or will ever fix the work you need to discover within. Good luck with your long term find... i ask you to explore why you would ever take on a woman that you have already decided is just a throw away. A bit gross... degrading that a man who claims to like us would say that in our ur presence. 
Sleep tight.
I know I will.    


Dennis at Fantasyland - m4m



We had a good time in one of the rooms at Fantasyland at around 4:30pm on Monday. We explored each other's bodies and I eventually came all over your chest. 
I would love to do more with you. 

Tell me what random thing we found on the floor after we had fun so I know it's you.    


Common Ground Men's Night 1-2-17 - m4m



I'd like to thank the three handsome men who were in the sauna at the same time I was (around 9:15 pm).  Your silent beauty made my night.  Have a Happy New Year!    


she wanted out - m4w



She wanted to leave for so long. Why couldn't she tell me? Why couldn't I see it? Why would I want to be with anyone who wasn't into me 100%? I will never make the same mistakes.    


I miss my best friend too



But he's gone, and my heart still is missing him but I hate him for that and that he can't tell me what he is really feeling, THAT'S WHAT BEST FRIENDS DO, RIGHT.....BUT THE WALLS ARE TOO HIGH AND TOO THICK............. I know I will NEVER get over this But it is time to move on sooo...RIDE OFF INTO THE SUNSET ON YOUR WHITE HORSE, LIKE WHEN WE GOT MARRIED....IT'S TIME.........GOODBY MY LOVE    


I miss my best friend - m4w



I miss her. I wonder sometimes if the friendship was as good as I felt in my heart. I wish I had better control of my thoughts. I really wish she was cuddled up next to me now.    


Lloyd Center Emoji Kiosk - mw4w



My wife and I were at Lloyd center this evening and stopped by the Emoji kiosk where we were helped by a beautiful Middle Eastern girl. If you ever want to go out on a date with a stable married couple let us know. Send your pics to verify you are the right girl.    


Tony I. - m4m



Just seeing if Tony is still out there. Saw you around the other day and would love to get back to what we had. Let me know what ya have around the house and I'll message ya back :)    


Chris O - w4m



Chris I miss you and wish you would just contact me. Please if you still think of me find a way to contact me    


Micky D's, cutie in green - m4w
Handsome Southwest Airlines guy - w4m



I don't even know how I got to missed connections, but this is my only chance to try to get ahold of you. 
I think you are so handsome and incredibly sweet and sexy. You work at PDX airport for Southwest and you have an amazing accent the last two times I traveled I saw you there and kept staring at you but you were making jokes on the mic. 
I'd love to get to know you! I think your name is Fernando but I could be mistaken I don't know if you are taken or not but you sure make my travels so much better 
Happy New Year gorgeous    


We're not getting any younger.



I hope it works out for you this time.  I'm not bitter, but I wish you could do the same for me.  I do not understand why you find pleasure in my pain.  We are nothing alike.  No way.    


Dutch Bro's cutie - m4w



Stopped to get two coffees and we started chatting. You were trekking me about how cold it was and how it was causing trouble with the machines and how one was down, which was causing delays. 

You are really cute and fun to talk with. I wanted to ask your name, but it slipped my mind until after I left. 

Hope you get to see this and maybe we could chat some more. Hope you stay warm and thanks for the smiles.    


Nina - m4w



I helped you return the truck you rented. My name is Jake, and I think I like you. <3    


I'm sure you're not interested - w4m



You will never be out of my mind.  I have such a crush on you.  Silly as it may sound it is in fact the truth.  I'll try not to creep you out as I know you're one of those really friendly and flirty types of guys towards everyone.  Either way just want you to know I'd give you the time of day any time you wanted it.  I would like to hang out sometime, go for a walk in the snow maybe.   If you think this is for you reply to this or maybe you have my number already.  Let's connect and chill...    


fling at seaside 2003 Valentines day - w4m



We met shooting sum pool you were with I believe 2 other guys I was with my girlfriend. We got wasted back to my hotel right on the beach. You guys were in a VW bus and all I remember is your name was "chuck". We should talk, my daughters now 12!    


Seeking gentlemen that inquired about me at Barnes and Noble Starbucks - w4m



Before the holidays at the Tanasbourne Mall Barnes and Noble Starbucks -- it was a Sunday before 10am -- you, a tall elderly gentlemen of Greek-descent inquired about me, an elderly senior woman with black short hair, from someone I did not know, but was sitting on the sofa next to mine. You said that you were 80 years-old and the former owner of an eatery/bar (I think). I have regretted not speaking to you then. Maybe we can communicate now, if this message finds its way to you.    


Bridgeport Brewery - m4w



Seems we are already taken but that didn't stop the attraction, hope you enjoyed stealing glances towards me as I did towards you.
Would you like an opportunity
to glance again,  perhaps longer this time?    


24 Hour Fitness McLaughlin - m4m



Hi. Welcome home. It was good to see you at the gym today. Missed you when I thought you'd moved away. Hope things are well. I'm still up for that hike sometime if you are. Or maybe I'm a reminder of a difficult period in your life you are wanting to leave in the past. If so, I wish you the best. You're a good guy. If you write back, our names start with the same letter and I'm sure you could think of something only the two of us would know. Hope to hear from you, buddy.    


Melissa - m4w



We exchanged emails and messages about a year ago. We were in similar places in life and we were trying to get together but nothing ever worked out. You were in the process of a separation and both our lives were too busy. We talked about everything from kids, music to workout tips and techniques (along with ice cream post workout haha). Anyways, if you're still interested in chatting or even just catching up I'd love to reconnect with you. I know CL is weird and what not, but this seemed like the only way to try and find you.    


Happy New Year Chong!!!!!! - m4w



Still reading these?   Hope your new year is off to a good start.   Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!




42 - w4m



Enjoyed every minute of my fare and thought it would be nice to meet for a drink sometime? When you're off the clock perhaps?    


Donna who worked in Tigard 20 something years ago - m4w
NYE at Alberta St. Pub - m4w



We met on the dance floor and I didn't get a chance to ask you for your number. You had shorter dark curly hair and jewels on your face. You were wearing a grey dress with leggings underneath. I got you a cider and the more we kissed the more sparkles got on my face. I was the tall skinny guy wearing black.    


Deans - m4w



Your eyes, and how you present your self as a little bite old fasion. 
 I'm sure there's so much more. hope you see this. me Oakley glass's with parents    


Pure Space NYE - Glow Stick - m4w



We met you on NYE, I gave you my glow stick. 
You were so nice!
Wanna be friends?    


Marrakesh NYE - m4w



I was at Marrakesh on NYE with some family. 

You were working downstairs and you were amazing and very beautiful. You seem like a great person. We were there for a birthday and you went out of your way to make it special. 

I was the other male on the other side of the birthday boy. We were the 2nd to last group there on NYE, there were 5 of us. I wanted to ask you if you had plans that night but was too shy. 

Doubt you'll see this but thought I'd try!    


Short, blonde Jessica from the drinks line on New Year's Eve - m4w



It was New Years Eve and we were waiting in the world's longest line for drinks.  You were wearing a blue fuzzy jacket and have blonde hair.  We talked about your job as a PR rep for Kellogg's and then you left the line right before midnight (which was a tad aggressive if I'm being honest). Regardless, you were a bit sassy, which I digged, and I wish I was able to give you a New Year's kiss.

If you remember me and are interested, feel free to reach out. My name is Joshua and I'd love to see you again.    


Floating in the universe together - m4w



My heart broke when you left. It broke my mind, and I harassed you through texts that went back and forth between love and hate. You were right to break contact, because I wouldn't have healed otherwise. I apologize too much, but I know I did wrong. I'm sorry. I have a new life, and I really wish I could share it with you, because I know you'd have a blast with what we're doing. Remember in the video room when I told you I'd always love you, because that's just who I am? It's true. My ideas of love have changed along with everything else, but I'll never stop loving you. I really hope you'll forgive me. The way our relationship ended, and the way I mishandled it, is my only real regret in life. I hope to see you on the other side. I'll wait for you in that place outside the Temple. I hope to see you before then, but I will respect your needs and not seek you out without your permission. You were a glimpse of white light before I knew what it really is. You helped me, even after you were gone. Thank you for the time you shared with me. 

N    


NYE Pop Tavern photographer - w4w



"Starts with an S". Should have gotten more than just your name but didn't because I have been committed for so long. Well, that is no longer a concern so if you know who you are reach out because I would love to get to know you better.    


RE: E.T./ ETA. You're whacked... - w4m



Why put wacky garbage on here?  Give me a break, that's a lil far fetched... grow up and maybe get a life, other than picking others apart...    


Panda Express mustache - m4m



You were eating a late lunch New Year's Day with a woman
I followed you into the restroom
I was too nervous to say hi to you, but I think you're sexy    


neighbors in aloha in 1998-99 - w4m



You were my neighbor your name was Mike. You had two daughters Krista and Kelsey. I often run across pictures of Kelsey and often wonder how and what your doing in life these days! I know we always had mutual attraction and hope this finds you well....and SINGLE! Lol    


Shannon - m4w



You were amazing at the Theater tonight. I loved eating you out and seeing you cum after so much action already transpired between you and the other guys. If you see this - hit me up if interested:)

-G    


Leaches Botanical Garden - m4w



Hello,

I saw you with your kid Sunday. I was with my kids and the eye locking was intense. What was I wearing?    


The universe gave you to me. - m4w



And I spit in her face. Hurt from all of the years where I was always put last. Always made to feel like i was nothing. Years of mental abuse brought upon myself for being socially awkward. I could never begin to explain myself to justify what i did. I dont have your number anymore. I erased it when you told me to never contact you again. I would read the wall of texts we sent, listen to the messages you left, look at the pictures we took. I would do all of that and then convince myself that no matter what you would end up treating me like everyone else has. I am truly sorry Breana. I hope one day youll reach out to me again.    


McDonald's and Target - m4m



Today, Jan 1st around lunchtime. You came in to McaDonald's in Tualatin. You were average height with red hair and neat red beard wearing khaki jeans and medium brown shoes. Fit body and nice bulge.I was sitting by the door with my sister eating. We looked at one another, but I wasn't certain that I was "reading" you correctly. You sat facing a window with the sun on your face. Then, about 45 minutes later, you came in to Target in Sherwood as I was checking-out. What a coincidence!  We locked glances as you passed, and I was certain this time that there was interest of some kind. If you have interest and play for the men's team and would like to meet for coffee, I am ready to do so. I found you to be visually stimulating and handsome with your intense expression. So I know it's you, please tell me what color jacket I had on and/or something identifying about my body/face or footwear.. I really did feel there was something going on between us today. Thank you.    


Tigard Walmart - w4m



You were the good looking, very tall gentleman in Walmart.  You were shopping for food, so was I. Tell me what you were wearing. You said something, and I should have told you ... You can anytime.    


GM - m4w



We worked in the same place, seeing you was a favorite part of my day.  You're not the kind of woman who'd seek me out here, I wouldn't think, but I couldn't help feeling the attraction.    


Amazing Boots - m4w



I miss you so terribly.
Can't breathe without you.
Meet me at the station?
Meet me anywhere?    


Puddletown Organics Budtender - m4m



It was my first time in your dispensary. I was wearing a tan jacket and have salt and pepper hair. I'm taller and thin. You helped me get everything I needed. We had a conversation about our preferred method of consumption and the different ways to do it. I'm older than you, but who knows? If you're interested tell me what I had to do before I paid or a product I suggested to you.    


Can't help myself - m4m



I swallowed u a few nights ago. First time I swallowed. Now I can't stop thinking about it.    


Cute woman F/M gas station attendant - w4w



To the cute woman who pumped my gas Sunday morning at the NE Halsey Fred Meyer gas station. I smiled and waved to you as I left.  
Me: Black woman wearing Seahawks beanie hat.
Wondering? Drink sometime?    


Cute Blonde Girl Working At Napa Auto Parts - m4w



I went into Napa several days ago, I think it was Christmas Eve, or the day before. I was with my dad picking up some motor oil. I'm about 6 foot, I have blue eyes and blonde hair, I was wearing a grey leather jacket and skinny jeans. You were about 5'7"-ish, blonde, tight jeans, pretty face and eyes. We didn't talk much, but you were having trouble printing our receipt for some reason and we waiting for a couple minutes before finally telling you that we didn't actually need it. I would have flirted with you, but I can't do that when I'm with my dad.

I have never posted like this before and I'm not really sure what I'm looking for by doing this. If you see this, hit me back!




E.T. ETA - w4m



Imagine ET
Hovering in space
Maybe in a craft
Or maybe there is one blurry patch where E.T. plants and rotates,
grasping onto the Earth's orbit and just like cruising along with it.
E.T. is made of some strong energy,
E.T. has been with us since the beginning.
When E.T. is busy you might miss the fun times you had with him,
but be happy for how he helps you.
They say E.T. helped to make us so that we would share our lives with him.
Be sure to tell E.T. how you're feeling.    


Champagne ball phallic light - w4m



I must have given you the wrong number this morning, not intentionally. Now I can't find you anywhere. I'm Samantha looking for John who doesn't speak Korean, works for t-mobile and drives a Tacoma.    


peace sign at pepper mill after new year's - w4m



I'm looking for you. I kept looking up to see you and would catch you looking as well. Accident??  Wheb you left with your big group of friends I kept eye contact with you as you did the peace sign I waved back. Don't worried the guy I was with is my brother. You single?  Interested? What color shirt was I wearing or what was I doing?    


Older Woman in the Gray Miniskirt at the Vegan Restaurant Last Night - m4w



You were with a gentleman wearing a cowboy hat. I'm likely a bit younger than you, but I as you probably noticed, I couldn't help but look your way several times during dinner last night. I thought you looked fantastic and elegant. 

I know it's a long shot, but would you consider going out to eat with me sometime? I couldn't help but be envious of the guy you were with.    


Full Size Jenga Triple Nickel - m4w



You were in that great purple dress. Me in the same shirt as my friends. Thought you were beautiful and wanted to ask you to dinner some time but your barfly bus left before I could. 

-Ryan    


We shared a dance at the Champagne Ball - mw4w



The music pushed us in waves. Your black lace dress and curly blonde hair swayed in the current. As you turned we saw the crown tattoo across your shoulders. Our eyes met, we exchanged smiles, and the dancing brought our bodies closer. You, me, and my wife. She wore her hair in victory rolls and danced with beautiful abandon setting her black dress to rustling over her fishnet stockings. I danced in my tuxedo with a black vest and a maroon pocket square. For an intoxicating moment we danced together. Your body moved in sync with ours and we were together. 

They talk about a spark a moment when what seeks love in us finds what seeks love in someone else. We felt the spark. We wanted to keep dancing, to feel more sparks, to move with you, to see what may have happened. Perhaps the spark was always destined to be a singular moment in an incredible night. But maybe the sparks would have continued, intensified, burst into flame right there on the dance floor.

But no. Someone had to compliment my wife's hair. He needed to hug her, to ask if she had any gay friends to set him up with. I tried to maintain the connection. I tried to follow the steps of the dance, stepping and kicking and turning, but it fell apart. The moment, the spark was gone.

But the memory of that spark has lingered for us. We hoped to meet you, get your name, share another smile and, perhaps, another spark or two. We got pizza on opposite sides of the line. You didn't glance up. We crossed paths and tried to make eye contact. You didn't see us. I almost tapped you on the shoulder to compliment your beautiful tattoo, but we were torn apart by the crowd before I could reach you.

In 2016 we decided to become polyamorous, to seek a woman for both of us to love. We're terrified because the world isn't welcoming to the idea, but it's who we are and we can't deny it any longer. New Year's Eve at the Champagne Ball was the first time we've put ourselves out there, risked sharing this part of ourselves with the world. With you. 

So whether you felt a spark or not, whether you're crazy enough to consider dating a married couple or not, thank you for being a part of our journey towards love. It was a beautiful moment that we will both treasure forever.    


therapy for the soul - m4w



...was the title of your post. 

we were discussing the possibility of mutually beneficial sessions...but we seemed to have lost our signals...

on purpose? or real life interruptions? or "other"?

shall we resume? i'm listening...




Midnight Kiss - m4w



We talked during the Fruition show.  I was so impressed that you play the accordion.  We kissed at midnight but I never got your number.    


Sandy River Delta You Brown Fiat - m4w



Happy New Year

We had a great walk and I can't stop thinking about you.

In fact I'm thinking we should go out. If you're thinking the same thing get in touch.    


SSBBW at Regal Cinema - m4w



I was just leaving the 12:30 showing of Rogue One when I saw you working. You were short, blonde, and an absolutely fantastic looking SSBBW. Maybe one of your coworkers will see this and forward it on to you. I wanted to say something but I was shocked by how pretty you were and just left. Maybe I just need to go see some more movies...    


corina babysitter - m4w



Looking for corrina or korina baby sat me as a kid taught me everything i know about sex i wonder what happend to you i remember everything we did and how good you smell and tasted.You are spanish or indian were in really good shape firm breast tasty pussy.You have to be in early 50's by now i'm 40..




Daddy misses having you on your knees - m4w



You had potential as a sub. You need training, but we were getting there. You obviously embraced your love for kink, and you had the potential to be special.

Now you have disappeared. Where have you gone? You can come back. Daddy will only punish you a lot for it, but then you crave that now don't you?    


Another year gone by...



youtu.be/S43AXI8sUnM  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~    


If you love me, don't let go - m4w



Life has been interesting.  Miss our talks, laughs, time together, cuddles and so much more. Hope you are happy.    


10 Years in the Making - w4m



It all started 10 years ago. But then you had to leave and we didn't even have the chance to settle into what was new and so nice. I don't think I was ready to anyway. To be honest, you were a means to a new beginning for me. Except that, each time together started to mean something more than the last.

And when you came back, that was the missed connection.
Over time, we were allowed to come together but only briefly.
Your loyalty to her was out of this world, considering how little she had earned it, how little loyalty she showed you.
And now she has finally left you and you don't have to be with her out of guilt anymore.

You're hurting and for now I'm only filling a small role in helping you heal. I don't know how much more a part of that you want me to be. So here's what I want to say to you so badly:
Stop letting her get to you so much that you make those bad decisions
Those bad decisions are not going to help in your goal of custody.
She gave you one good thing; focus on that.
Be better than her and get what you want.
You should really come over more. and when you do, you should really play with my nipples more. :)

I have such a visceral reaction to just your presence in the room. Your scent feels like home.

It has taken us 10 years to get back here. Please don't let us get away again.

P.s. I would help you raise her. You know I'd be good at it.    


Life Changing MC at Luxor Hotel 5/10/16 - m4w
NYE Bossanova Green Room Kitten - w4m



We met backstage downstairs, you spoke with me and my roommate. 

You realized I'm a kitty (she doesn't know fully), and proceeded to tease me relentlessly...my whiskers and nose were twitching, not being able to bat and swat... 

I went to find you online, but couldn't. Message me the name of your partner and the name you told me to use to find you. I would love to play with you both. Mew, xo    


Woodsman blue eyes - m4w



Me: Light hair, blue eyes, glasses
You: Dark hair, blue eyes, lovely

We were both with someone else, but I felt our connection immediately.  Would love to meet you.  Hoping you see this.    


New Years at Slim's in NoPo - m4w



Your smile can warm a room, but it captivated me. I found you very attractive, with engaging communication skills. You're alluring, but there's something about you, and it felt like we might have had a connection. You introduced yourself as Heather, and we danced. You were able to spend Christmas with your kids from Texas, and Missouri. Then, your friends whisked you away...



yamhil pub, dont drink the pitcher! new years :D - m4w



Hey i sat across from you at yamhil pub... you played the good music that didnt play till we were leaving unfortunately! lol.. anyways i was super interested in going for a date if you read this stuff!    


Superman! - m4m



Superman! Please! help me!
This once in my one life before we met this once before so surely this was never over, this was never even over, this wasn't close,
this world away, this was never taken on in again before my life! this once and only war, this world at war, these in surest aspects taken on in this one life! Superman! Hear this!
Superman! Help me! Save my life!
this one world, this once in my own alien, this refrain, this planet sure I'm trapped! No one believes I could be real! I'm trapped! This planet is murdering me! They're so insane! This is so insane!
Superman!
this in my life, this was surely thereon in against this in my life, this was gone, this wasn't gone on in it all in for that this was my life taken surely this inside, these inside my hopes, this was gone, this wasn't gone before, that this, life, this whet once, this surely taken surely this was never over, this was never even over, these in my only lives, this was gone    


more than all the trees - w4m



Je ne t'aime plus mon amour

 ..it still sounds so beautiful... I love it when you sing that little bit to me. I truly feel adored in that moment. Thinking that you love me more than all the trees in the jungle. I see you as you tell me to. I hear it as you say. But you and the song translate the same thing in reality. I guess you were honest from the start if I would have done my homework.. I feel so foolish to have fallen like I didn't know any better. I love you still. I love you more than I can show. Can you see I love you? 

Je ne t'aime plus
Mon amour
Je ne t'aime plus
Tous les jours
Parfois j'aimerais mourir
Tellement j'ai voulu croire
Parfois j'aimerais mourir
Pour ne plus rien avoir
Parfois j'aimerais mourir
Pour plus jamais te voir
Je ne t'aime plus
Mon amour
Je ne t'aime plus
Tous les jours
Parfois t'aimerais mourir
Tellement y a plus d'espoir
Parfois j'aimerais mourir
Pour plus jamais te revoir
Parfois j'aimerais mourir
Pour ne plus rien savoir
Je ne t'aime plus
Mon amour
Je ne t'aime plus
Tous les jours...    


Cheese burger, no pickles, no onion - m4m



You ordered that burger at my restaurant (12/31/16). You were wearing red plaid and were with a guy that I couldn't tell was your boyfriend or not. This is a weird way to find you, but maybe you'll check it out.    


NWhiker chick ? - m4w



I saw you on AFF . I hope you find this .  reply via this posting if you see this ;)    


Cashier at Orchards Fred Meyer...New Years Eve - m4m



Hi there,

I highly doubt that you'll see this, but I'll give it a shot. You may have been the cashier at FM today, but I was totally checking you out! We had a nice little chat about your non-plans for NYE as you were almost done with your shift. Just wanted to know if you wanted to meet up sometime. ;)

If this is you, reply with your name (I remember from your name tag) and tell me what color shirt you were wearing. Any other details from our conversation to prove it was you would be cool.  Hope you see this!    


MAX on New Years - m4w



We were both with a group of friends you were wearing a white sweater with red lipstick. I thought you were life changing beautiful. I need you to know. We made eye contact multiple times maybe there was potential. I was wearing a white button up with a black jacket HMU    


Your New Year's Lyft home - m4m



Your name is Kurtis. I picked you up right at midnight. I think your hot and think the attraction was mutual. My gps threw us off course...tell me what street name we were laughing at. I wouldn't mind hanging out with you sometime. If you see this, I hope you get in touch...    


Endless smiles - m4w



You, a gorgeous woman, with pretty eyes and a great smile.  You are very beautiful!!!!   I love your eyes and the brightest smile lights up.  You are the prettiest woman in this world.   Love the smiles....

A chance if you see this, we could go out for a coffee.    


Missing you & nobody knows it but me - m4w



We met so many New Years ago...we had so much fun...The hot Latin passion we shared...hope all is well. Happy New Year!    


midnight kiss - m4w



Mwah!

shoul auld acquaintnce be forgot
and ne'er something something
wee sleekit tim'rous beastie
and auld lang syne    


Newcon - m4w



You are a student close to graduation you said I spooked you in the dance hall. Then we chatted awhile. We said goodbye but I regret not getting your number. If you happen to read this send me a message with your name and how many quarters tell graduation.    


Davis Lock Shop in Tualatin - m4w



Looking for the "granola chick" blond who lost her keys on the Tryon Creek Park trail a couple of months ago.  We sat next to each other on some old safes at the Davis Locksmith Shop by Fred Meyer's in Tualatin and talked briefly before more people came in.  You were driving a somewhat beat up dark Blue compact sedan with Oregon LPs "254 ....", and with a cracked windshield.  And, you live off of Stafford Road.  Wish we had talked more then.  Things were a little hectic for me at the time.  Would really love to see you again.    


You sent your mom to tell about your crush - m4w



A few afternoons ago, your mother waited in my line for the chance to tell me about your crush on me. I laughed and almost assuredly blushed before I told her that I appreciate boldness, suggesting you should tell me so personally(!). She was coy, thinking I was probably married. That certainly got me to respond with the correct answer of single. 

I'm guessing she's mid-50s and you probably mid-20s, 30ish. If your mother's looks precede you, then let's add that to the list of things that are now part of my work day. Such as your name, which patron of the many could you be, was that passing of a message through a trusty messenger like mom all I may come to know about the whom, hwhat, hwhen, hwhere, hwhy, and how. It's killing me and I want for you to know. Even if we're a poor match, I encourage and support your hello. I promise I'll smile. Or send mom back so I can give her a number which I challenge you to use.    


Sushi - m4w



We sat next to one another and chatted a bit.  You ate veggie Sushi, I talk about building a cabin by the lake.  I am kicking myself for not asking for you number.  Hope you see this.  Happy New Year.    


RE: Yeah - m4w




You've allready ruined me for anyone else so what more can you do to me?? Do your worst...    


Crushing - w4m



The feeling inside my chest is like an empty can crushing. Not only is there a hollow emptiness; indeed it feels as though without an anchor in my heart the weight of the emptiness creates a vacuum, an inward pressure which I feel crushing in my chest.    


You two are visiting - m4m



Hey. We met tonight, you two are visiting from LA. Asked me about gay clubs. How long you in town?    


Kelso Tractor Supply - m4w



Morgan , id love to catch a movie with you , our eye s seemed to lock more than once , i was going to ask once but my tongue tripped
You told me to be safe in the snow !!!



The Year of Kindness and the Dog...



Love Kindness and Care!!!

Helping All Before Ones Self... 

"All my care, kindness and love to you, family and all for all time"


I do not wish, sorry. Hope, praying, ect... I can see but, don't wish greater days make them!    


Adidas Employee Store - m4w



I was in line behind you and was chatting with you and your daughter who was doing something my son does and I used to do as a kid. I'm not really the type to get all flirty especially when a parent is with their child. I'm a dad too so I feel that's a respectable stance. You seemed really nice and I wonder if our personalities would mesh...that is...if you are even single. I may be "too old" for you though...we'll maybe see I suppose. 

Respond with your daughter's name and/or what the kids do. Happy New Year also.    


Napa headlight - m4w



You were super cute, headlight was out you needed help.....tell me what you were driving (it was red) and which town, we were both with someone :)    


You asked me for directions - m4w



The other day you stopped and asked me for directions, it was downtown and you were driving a bage Prius and needed to get out to cedar hills.    


New Year's Eve Playlist - m4w



Hey, Beautiful. I'm missing you ever so much. I'm drinking and thinking of you you you (you). Here's my playlist for the evening. I loved listening to you talk about music, and everything.

1. Drinking Song, Hanggai. /watch?v=da316LJMBm8
2. Message of Love, The Pretenders. /watch?v=rL8Dj5xOjm0
3. My Heart Hurts, Nick Lowe. /watch?v=1Yc2DOCtR_w
4. Stay With Me, Lorraine Ellison. /watch?v=bAty1ABlPtg
5. Drink Drank Drunk, A Sunny Day In Glasgow. /watch?v=TUyU-E6MOuM
6. I Feel Love, Blue Man Group w/Venus Hum. /watch?v=0iFBXjRbVl0
7. Got To Be A Love, Greyboy (feat. Sharon Jones).  /watch?v=YPyVg87vfLI
8. Long Neck Bottles, Captain Beefheart. /watch?v=4P_ZaFRIFME
9. The Book of Love, The Magnetic Fields. /watch?v=jkjXr9SrzQE
10. Rusty The Skatemaker, Rasputina. /watch?v=VRjKItmUJto

Remember to lift your left foot high, right before midnight. That way, you're guaranteed to start 2017 on the right foot.

Love,
Millionaire    


reply to "ref : 'k'"



The email reply to my post pretty much proves that the person experiencing karmic repercussions is YOU.......Funny you think your problems were done TO you for no good reason......Am sure the damage to your image and loss of your possessions are probably your OWN doing.....Poor you.....Have a better 2017 if you can admit your problems exist.



Email reply to ref "k"....
Nobody wants to be me... they do how ever want to take everything ive ever built, dreamt or earned. Including, My Image, Possessions 'IE car cloths food ect', and latly it seems the natural world as i know it... so whatever, fuck them!!! They can have it all, i dont need any of it anymore.. Karma is real and they will reap what they sow.    


Marshalls. Hillsboro. Jump Suit. - m4m



You were a very handsome man wearing a green colored one piece jump suit. We walked in together and you went towards the men's clothing section. I ended up seeing you again but it was as you were headed out the door. You pulled your jump suit down and you were wearing a T-shirt. What color was that shirt? You are so attractive and I would love to chat with you some more.    


Beautiful Blonde at Peeps - m4t



I met you at Peeps a few weeks ago.  You were in a booth with an older gentleman and I was in the voyeur booth beside you.  We stared at each other and I could tell you wanted me.  You invited me over to join you and I jacked off for you and you let me cum on your tits.  I would love to meet up again and have some more fun!    


Bring in the new year with Me - w4m



Hey guys are you date less tonight?  


Lonely tonight? 

Or just want to get out and meet me tonight  ? 

Do you love black women? 

What are you doing tonight it could be Me? 


40 and  over please

It's the New Year so bring it in Right with the a sexy young lady

Happy New Year Eve  and I  Hope to see You yes You tonight 

Cum join me    


At Eagle 2 Sundays ago.... you were blue - m4m



At the eagle on later sunday afternoon two weeks.  I was walking into the private bathroom and you follawed me in and closed the door.  U grabbed me from behind around my waist and took my cock in your hand and I think you said something like you were blue but wanted to fuck me. You were already hard and I feel your cock on my ass and I gave you up my hole as you started to pound me. it took you a few minutes but you finally unloaded in my ass and than closed up and left. on yuor way out the door you said "that was the best fuck ive had all year".  I finished peeing and walked out to find you but didnt see you. I walked around feeling your cum leaking out my ass. it was hot. i want to have you take me again and help you not feel blue enymore.
You had a short beard and probably around 40.
tell me info about me when you reply.

I'll probalbly be at the Eagle for NYE - maybe a repeet performance???    


ref: "k"



I am sure nobody wants to be you.....
You don't get to choose "karma" for others.....You aren't god or the Universe.
The names you call others makes YOU the vile person.......Your own post proves YOU to be "pathetic, crazy", AND the "asshole".......

Kudos to your flaggers......Again....Nobody wants to be you.




ref   "To the pathetic fucking losers that continue to post things and then delete them/create postings intended to imitate myself, in this dastardly scheme to make me look either pathetic, crazy, or just plain an asshole, fuck you.. You are the most disgusting, vial, and pathetic lifeforms i have ever encountered... Ya'll might as well give it up, for one we all know you can never be me in ANY way, and for two the karma you are sowing is going to be astronomical... Just wanted to warn you as it appears you were unaware... Take care of your self's and try not to be such a disgusting sack of shit excuse for human beings mkay?? K thanks byeeeee...


K

PS: I havnt posted here for HER in months, but its funny how many people have inherited a lifelong burden of posing as me on craigslist MC baaahahahahahahaaa"    


Hottie outside csl plasma. ... Husky guy - m4w



I know...i know long shot but whatever right....i was walking my husky out front csl and you said he must love this kind of weather. ... you are beautiful. ... walk like you know your all that....... if you get this and your free tonight hmu.... think we could have some fun    


John M, with the glorious beard - w4m



You came in about a week ago and worked out. I talked to you about memberships and you let me touch your beard.

 You also came in today, thinking you signed up when you didn't. 

I just wanted to let you know that you are incredibly handsome! Thanks for making my day with your smile and presence.

(Ugh. I hate writing in missed connections. No matter how I word it, I feel like I sound like a total creep.)    


24 HR Fitness Hollywood locker room shower - m4m




Hey there...

I had the honor of showering across from you. Your head was shaved, you were bald on top, multiple tattoos, tall, stocky, brown beard. At first, I was going to skip the shower, but you were half hard and looked soooooo hot. I showered right across from you and got to gander at your lovely display. What a wonderful package you've got! 

Would you like to hook up?    


Common Ground Soaking Friday Afternoon - m4w



I was there alone, just to soak the week away and enjoy some solitude. You were there with three of your friends and you all sounded like you were having a great time. You had the most stunning olive tan skin...that I didn't notice until you decided to use the cold shower after the sauna...well done! :-) You came and sat near me after that and I was completely distracted the rest of my soak. That doesn't usually happen to me. I'm pretty confident you didn't notice me as your back was to me the whole time. If you did though, you should let me know...    


happy new year, Sabib... - m4w



Hope 2017 is better for everyone ;)  Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!    


Creepy old Asian man, Pearl 24 - m4m



The next time you stalk me in the spa area, I will literally wait at the front desk until you leave so I can turn your creepy ass in. The next time you stalk me in the locker room, I will call you out no matter who else is there. This goes for any other creepy man who can't take a hint while he uses the gym as a bathhouse. I have no problem with guys checking each other out at the gym, but when it's a one way street, it's called harassment. If you can afford the gym membership, you can afford the bathhouse.    


*Aquarian Unity - Sunshine in my Heart - m4w
Encounter Fat Cobra Friday Dec 30th - m4m



Fat Cobra encounter, around 6 pm. Dude that was hot i want to do that again. You know what we did and we could arrange another play session. Send me a note describing what went down.




Massagebudy 2b - m4w



Hope all is well with you . If you still have time on Fridays , maybe we can work the kinks out or in .
Happy New Year massage girl . Hope we connect soon.    


YOU are still my favorite - w4m



I am so sad how everything ended up! I had a dream about you last night and I woke up sobbing. A few nights ago I had a dream about us and woke up wanting you more than ever.
 I want you to know I wish happiness for you but you will always be my favorite. No desperation here, no being pathetic on my part but no matter how much you say you moved on I know you still want me. I know you will always be in love with me. Remember when I used to look at you and say "you are my favorite?" 
 I would love you to grab my nice round ass again. I thought things would be different. I regret so much. Heartbreaking. If you are the person I am looking for to respond you will respond with all three of your initials. And you will know about all of this. The first time we went out,( Spaceroom) was around the holidays and it snowed the next day, we were together everyday after that. And where my only tattoo is. I don't want random hook ups, I want to talk with this specific person. so don't contact me unless you are him. I regret a lot of the way things happened. I'm sorry I hurt you, I was hurting too because you hurt me so badly. Think first of our family. I'm not gonna wait on the side forever. 
 KrisEfresh    


JuJu! I know you read this shit! Engaged or not! You cheat! - m4w



Engaged? Show up in my moms town 600 plus miles away with your fiance. I know what thats about! You knew somehow it would get back to me. How bizarre. 

Over and over i came back after you kicked me to the curb. And to hear you tell my friends that i cant just leave and come back whenever i want is ridiculous!! 
Its never equal with you. Your always justified in what you do and say.  Your killing me from the inside. Can you imagine what your doing to our 3 beautiful kids. I wanted to refrain from caling you any names BUTTT.... Your Just a Fucktard!!! Everyday is so hard for me to hold back my tears. I miss them sooooo much. I cant imagine what you've been putting in their heads. Poor Babys. Shame on you Julynn!  

I hope he fell in love with your body... And then you get comfortable. Then you gain weight. Then he cheats on you multiple times even after youve repeatedly fallin on your knees begging for him to stop hurting your Heart and soul. I hope he puts you through the massive mind fuck you put me through! Then i hope you come back to me. And you find me Happily married. No tears. No fears. No love for you. 

I wont hate you forever. Just until you let our kids see their father!!

P.s. I mean wouldnt it make more sense to let me see the kids on the weekends that way you have more time with your new man? I mean your kinda fucking yourself over!!!! Which brings me back to my point. Your Just a FUCKTARD




Sincere - m4w



Why don't you just tell me what I did to deserve this.  Wouldn't that be best?
Happy New Year    


Ornithologist at Powell's



You suggested the best birding book and I have so many questions about birds and also Oregon    


Guy Working at 7-11 on Division/39th - m4m



You were working at 7-11 on Friday at around 10:30am. I'm in my 20s - bought a beer then a lighter and you chose the color. What color did you choose so I know it's you? You were hot. I live close by so you should stop by sometime.    


Roni---confused



Never have I posted here but had to .. 
I felt a deep connection and by all means still have these feelings... I felt so intrigued and interested and twitter patted and even in love... I'll miss your presence !!!  I showed my interest and even played a role I didn't get too have! It felt good to love someone!! I hope you find someone worth your respect and loyalty and love.  Much love myroni..:) no regrets from me .. Good times ;) 
T ya hahaha    


A you said - m4w



"This is the most romantic date anyone has ever done for me."

 Paparazzi.

Id look you up. 

We listen to the same music. 




taller brunette - m4w



You:  tall brunette, maroon shirt with pretty eyes and a great smile.  You are very beautiful!!!!   I love it when you smile.  Really it makes my day!!!!!  You are so beautiful. 

I wish if you ever see this, we could go out for a drink or dinner.    


Southwest Grind-Now-You in Red coat with hood - m4w



Southwest Grind-Now-You in Red coat with hood...winks

I tried to say hello and get better acquainted, but I'm shy.

Lets go have a drink.

Last call isn't for another 30 mins

A. Nice Guy    


LA Fitness Workout - m4m



You are truly beautiful. We had lockers near each other . . .
Thanks for taking the time to talk with me this evening.

After my workout I went out with some friends, but I could not erase from my mind images of a truly beautiful human being . . .

Looking forward to seeing you working out in 2017.

Thanks for introducing yourself. You made me a very happy person.

If you read this, just let me know what you were wearing and Happy New Year, Hope our paths cross again in the future . . . .    


Feeling Like I have been played a fool - m4w



I had a feeling you would reply. Why can't you just tell me the truth. Why do you keep me hanging?

I see that you are still looking. Has there been someone else? I had a feeling.  I asked you if you wanted out but you didn't. What did I do to you to deserve this?    


Fred Meyer Sodas - w4m



I saw you with a pallet of sodas, our eyes met a couple times but I was too shy to say anything but I am quite sure you heard my daughter laughing at us.

I wish I had the courage to say something, this is a long shot but I thought I would try. Let me know if it is you I am looking for :)    


annas - m4w



Why not?  Never posted a missed connection before.

We sat close to each other earlier this evening.  I thought you were beautiful.  Always hope to meet a beautiful woman when I'm out and about, but guess I was too shy to start a convo.  Sometimes people just wanna be alone I imagine.
Didn't want to be that guy.
You had your dog with you, she has a little beard very cute doggy.
Reply back if you happen to read this.  Tell me what you had to eat so I know it's you.



cutie that works at Papa G's - t4t



kept making eyes at you and exchanged smiles as I left. you're a cutie and I'd buy you your favorite vegan food (I was in all black and wearing glasses)    


HF - m4w



Hi.......I see you now and then at the gym.. and when I do it puts a smile on my face.. I hope you see this and you write back....and lets start chatting

M    


24 Hours Murray Scholls Fri around 8pm - m4m



Hot guy in the lockers room Fri eve around 8pm, you know I like you, although I try not to stare to hard... damn dude throw me a bone! 
I drool when I see your sweet face (I think you are curious, and it is o.k. with me) and that manly body.
I had not seen you in a while, we both are getting older each year...  :-)
I do not know what to do to break the ice. I am bad at picking up a guy, never have in fact.




Knuckle tats - m4w



You were in justice then bath and body works today. I noticed you when I walked into justice and sat in the chair. The guy with short blonde hair. After that I saw you in Bath and body works and I noticed your knuckle tats! Hit me up!    


ADOS/Fit Bits - m4w



You came into my work this evening, trying to find the right Fitbit for yourself. We chatted quite a bit, and I really hope we could do some more. If this is you, tell me which store and what ADOS stands for. :)    


Chatted a bit at the Rev Nat's Cider art thingy - m4w



Met briefly... l but in was too involved in entertaining people to chat more. Would love to known more about you    


Coworker crush - w4m



If we didn't work together I'd work up the courage to be bold. Not sure if it's obvious that my knees get a little weak at your sight and my cheeks flush. I'm trying to turn it off, but failing terribly.    


Tall, beautiful woman working at H&M - m4t



You're the tall, beautiful, transgender woman working at H&M at Pioneer Square today.  I was scoping out the socks and then couldn't help but to scope you out while you talked to a coworker close by.  We made eye contact and shared a quick smile.  I can't get that smile out of my head!  I looked for you before I left, but you were nowhere to be seen!    


Super attractive woman at the Washington Square Target - w4w



We walked in at the same time and ran across each other a few times while inside. Something about those Nikes and your vest. I wish I would have stayed a bit longer in the lotion aisle. Probably a longshot, but I thought I'd give it a try.    


LA Fitness Lloyd Center - m4m



I was almost done with my workout when you came in to the weights area and started working out around 4:30 pm today. We exchanged looks, I was done shortly after and headed to showers. Saw you in the sink area when I was done, you changed in the sink area and took a quick shower. You were out and dressing up in the sink area when I was heading out. I thought maybe there was mutual interest. You had a sweatshirt on. Let's hang out if interested. Let me know the color of your sweatshirt and what I was wearing. I am the tall masculine built guy!    


Burnette at the Dugout - m4w



You were there with pink and gray, looking my way; snug bottom and hungry eyes, you captured my attention and made me smile; I would like to see you face to face, if only to touch and feel your embrace.    


Barista 1pm Bathroom Code Beauty - m4w



You needed the bathroom code and I gave it to you not once but twice. Loved the twinkle in your eyes... Can I get your number? Let me know a detail if so... !!!!    


Beautiful Girl at Fruition Thursday - m4w



We smiled at each other several times during the show but you appeared to be with someone. Though thinking back it may have been just a guy friend, so am sending this MC out into the universe. You are one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen and would love to connect somehow.    


Swimmer Sauna LA Fitness - m4m



You: Tall, lean man in a black and red Speedo brief. You swam next to me for awhile then a lane opened up and you moved across the pool. Saw you again in the shower and you smiled as I passed. Sat next to you in the sauna, but too excited to take my towel off. You winked at me on the way out. I'd love to meet up sometime.    


fred meyer - m4w



You were driving a dark colored older Jeep Grand Cherokee. You we're short. Wearing a beanie. Glasses. I parked next to you. We made eye contact. You were so absolutely beautiful. 

1:30pm Fred Meyer off division & 148th.    


Costco this morning clackamas - w4m



To the hot tall guy shopping in Costco this morning I wish I said hi than smile like a dork before walking away

What were you wearing and who was I with so I know it's you    


Hot Cub at Hawks X-Mas Night - m4m



Hey Nick. We first met on the fuck bench in the hallways and then moved to my room. We met up again in the steam room but I never got a chance to take you back to the sling. Hit me up and let's talk about making that part happen as well. I the big bear that you loved sticking your cock in!    


oak Grove Fred Meyer - m4w



Britlee,

I came through your line on purpose this morning.  You had forgotten a ladies coupons 2 people in front of me, and made small talk with the little boy who was in the "car" before me.  When it was my turn, I was at full-on crush mode.  You asked about Christmas, and we're just so sweet and incredibly beautiful.  I wanted to ask for your number, but didn't want to make you uncomfortable at work.  I built up enough nerve to ask, so I came through your line again only to have you go to break right before getting to talk to you.

If you remember me, I'd love to get to know you more.

Otherwise,  I'll see you next year.    


Bed Bath Beyond - m4w



Last night was shooping clearance items from Xmas, you and a friend were in the same area. Couple looks, me being very shy, should have smiled and said hello at least. Believe you left your wallet in car and had to come back in to pay. Loved your style, you have wonderful eyes. Probably not single. Oh well, maybe you read this and are single and take a huge risk and reach out to a complete stranger and strike up a conversation. Lol. Worth a shot......
Me single, available and normal.    


Harvard Baseball - w4m



I see you at the 24 hour fitness Murray/Scholls most week nights, near each other during cardio mostly.  We've made eye contact and I said Hello a while back by the leg machines (blonde hair - since you probably get lots of smiles and Hi's).  You really keep to yourself and seem pretty focused.  Tall, muscular, shaved head and really handsome.  I'm normally social with people, but you're kind of intimidating.  I'll try and get the courage up to say hello again, but feel free to say Hi if you remember me.  Otherwise I'll just admire from a far.    


Kim - m4w



Looking for Kim. You lived in Salem. We talked for a long time then we lost contact. I miss you. I won't use my name but I do Stone Masonry.    


RN who did my stitches - w4m



as i thought you were an RN but i can't find you anywhere in the registry and i have looked because i wanted to say thank you. i couldn't tell if your name was Ryan or Michael or Warren but it was something like that and you were busy working the night i saw you again sitting at your desk. i hope you enjoy the new year. anyways hope this reaches you and cheers.    


MAC - m4w



Hey, Mac . I agree with you we were on a roll. I fealt like there was a connection since I  looked into your eyes. Not sure what kind, but would love to find out. I know that basically your bing through some rough times. I didn't want to be pushy,  in an already awkward situation, so hopin you read this. You have been on my mind since the Christmas party, at H---y's .  I would love to hang out, for drinks or dinner sometime.  If not that's cool, just know that someone out here likes you and thinks you are gorgeous!  
 Sincerely Rob    


Nicole K (G) - m4w



Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
I saw you the other day in walmart with your kids.
You looked at me straight in the eyes, then turned and walked away.
It's ok, I understand. It would have been nice if you said hello to me though.
Just doesnt have to be like this.
Blessings to you and your family!



How was Florida, J? - m4w
What is black and white and red all over? - m4w



A newspaper!

 ba dum tss.... .... 

Some extra text now. Gotta meet Craig's posting requirements. Thems the rules. Gotta follow the rules.....



Re: K - w4m



If you were emotionally dead to "K," then you wouldn't be on missed connections posting messages to her. You're using this space as a way to reach out... and that's okay.    


Double stack tuna can - w4m



There's only maybe two other people at most who'd recognize this nickname.

I don't think about you nearly as often. I think about the beautiful child we created more than anything. I miss him so much.. but to keep a small shred of quality of life, I stuff my emotions & fake each day the best I know how. 

You (or should I say she) still keeps tabs on my whereabouts, noting my every "fall" with much satisfaction. Her hunger for prosecution will never cease. 

I feel a good reason you stayed all these years was knowing what carnage she would cause you, seeing how she guided you to sabotage any chance of me establishing a chance at co-existing as a equal co-parent with you, and adjust to being your ex-wife. 

Then, she took full control of your life, but you allowed her to, and I believe at first, it was a relief, but I was with you for close to a decade, I know you better than you think. 

Do I believe you have any remorse??? Maybe some.

Do I think you'd ever admit defeat? Do I think you'd ever leave her? No, and no.

 Don't think I don't hear tid bits of your "eternal bliss" bullshit you sold to everyone. Shit about your relationship turmoils trickle in from time to time. 

As long as you drive fancy rigs, wear designer jeans, and a  watch that screams self centeredness, you'll never pull away. 

The fact is, I don't care anymore.  I haven't for a long time.  I will love you forever,  we were a strong force whether good or bad, for enough time to permanently sear my heart. 

But the only thing you have the power to grant your child is the chance to be with his mother,  but that is something she will never allow, and you don't have a spine to make the right decisions, let alone deal with her wrath when she doesn't have final say. 

You robbed a mother, a brother, grandparents and an entire family of their own flesh and blood knowing damn good and well you were a sick, pathetic addict like me when we finally collided that brick wall, and got divorced.

I wonder if you even know how many times I've spotted you snorting your oxy's in the Kaiser parking lot, or the "taco" joint not too far away?

I gave up the fight. 

My other child says to me one day "mom, the more you fight to see *****, the more you are losing the son you already have"

At that point,  I did the best I could to make the rest of his life the best I could. Focus on him & rebuild. Yes, I have still had many break downs. Losing a child who you know is a few blocks away, and cannot see at all isn't the easiest to adjust to. Eventually, I crack. 

I take full responsibility for the trauma I've caused from my emotional relapse in severe depression, but I wish you would take responsibility for choosing to lie about the drugs and alcohol and abuse we BOTH sought refuge in for years and years during our marriage. 

Maybe our son would still have his mother and brother to see and know we actually do love him. Then he'd know that we both failed, not just me. 

As always, someone is always your sheild.

The true illusionist, I hope one day you apologize to our son and tell him the truth. 

Sincerely,
 Former S-P    


The Bittersweet Baker in Back - m4w



Its been awhile now and at first I didn't want to get involved cause you were coming out of a rough breakup and going on a single rage, and cause I didn't want complications. But then some distance grew and it complicated things internally. I've felt strong chemistry, but it's so hot and cold, or like we keep just slipping out of connection. I don't know if there's anything here, but I need to move forward somehow and find out. If you find this, can we just start over, meet somewhere totally new, and pretend we're total strangers that met on OkCupid?    


cute blonde on 12 wearing windbreaker probably from goodwill - w4w



you were wearing a carhart beanie &blonde curly short hair. we were riding the 12 it was around 8oclock. u got off at Fremont infront of subway and u had sum thrifted cuffed mom jeans on w high black socks and I think converse. I saw u sneaking a selfie on ur phone      u look so familiar possibly run a feminist la croix meme page on IG, hmu for friendship    


asian girl who rocks the panda express uni like a boss - m4w



I dont know if i'm just imagining things..  but i swear theres some energy and glances back and forth. Ive bumped into you both locations and we laughed awhile back. I drive a mini.    


Long shot - m4w



To the beautiful lady in front of dollar tree by Burnside Rd that ask me for a light for her cigg shall ask for ur name n number I was in a rush love to see u again tell me wat I was wearing n u to know is u ASAP gorgeous    


I CLEANED FOR YOUR FRIEND - m4w



I believe your name is Cindy

I cleaned for your friend and we were all talking. I caught a flirty vibe along with a few looks my way from you and I think you look very attractive 
Loved your voice 

I don't post on here regularly but I thought we might have a good time together so I thought I'd just give it a shot.

Please send me a picture and describe me and what I did for your friend. 

Hope to hear from you    


Curly haired man - m4m



We were at tender greens.  I checked you out, you looked back but wasn't sure if it was out of a returned interest.  You were alonen reading a book.  This was at about 2:20. Friday the 6th.  

Wanted to go up and say hi but at a restaurant that seemed weird.    


Orsolya....Liz M - m4w



Hey Orsolya or Liz or robot

You seemed very cool...and crazy in all those emails

Anyway I would have loved to become your friend    


Jessica F - m4w



Hi Jessica I hope you are doing great.

I just wanted to say thank you for considering being my donor. That was very noble from you.
I really enjoyed going out and I really wanted to become your friend.

If you didn't want to donate thats comprehendible you didn't have to disappear.

Anyway I just wanted to say thank you and I hope you are doing great.

You are a beautiful person with a huge and beautiful heart.



Abe    


Warner Park - Red Joggers in bathroom - m4m



warner park bathrooms, dude with the red joggers.....

hit it up if you see this....would love to bite that ass while I jerk off    


Post Office Box Over-taper - m4w



You asked me if I liked to play pool, but ran away before we could make a date! 

P.S: thank you for the stamps.    


Inexperienced nerdy guy - m4m



So we work together and from a party we both went to I found out you were inexperienced and haven't been with many people. I also flirted with you because I was drunk. I told you if you needed more experience to hit me up. I'm sure you could probably use more blow jobs. I saw you today at work (12/15) still think you are cute and would love to blow you. I'm the chubby guy in the grey hoodie. Let me know if you would be interested. Clean and discreet. Let me know it's your by telling me what comany we work for.    


Arco Carson - m4m



Hey man, talked at the gas station today about cars. 

Let me know if you wanna hang out sometime    


Firehouse Subs - m4m



It's 12:30pm and you're wearing a red shirt and Vans. We just made eye contact and we sat right next to each other. I have a grey shirt on and Vans too.    


Redhead at Vons - 25th St - m4w



Looking for the sexy redhead I talked with in the water isle yesterday at Vons. I commented that it must be my lucky day because I was being "followed" by a redhead. You smiled, I would like to see your smile again, not to mention those sexy jeans for were wearing.  You're on my mind today...
:)    


Redhead/White Car - m4w



You were with your kids and we shared a smile in the parking lot. I know it's not right, but I felt immediately gravitated to your smile. I know it's not right. :)    


i need a black female please anytime thank you - m4w



i need a black female please anytime thank you two one three seven zero three eight six three five cell    


i need a black female please anytime thank you - m4w



i need a black female please anytime thank you two one three seven zero three eight six three five cell    


Need some hints - m4m



Can anyone out there on Craigslist tell me where I might find other men looking for what I'm looking for. Places where gay men hang out. I don't want a bar or adult locations. More like a coffee shop, restaurant, or other place not associated with the "night life". Maybe cruising places that are safe. Any help I get will be appreciated.    


Huntington Park Starbucks - m4m



To the older fit Latino I see regularly in the mornings, I think your sexy and would be up for a bit of fun with you. Looks like you have a new car, I think you know who this is! Hopefully you seee and drop me a line, tell me who you think it is and what you use to drive.    


Craig on La Cienega - m4m



I really miss our sessions....like I said, NOBODY sucks my cock like you
hope to hear from you
oraltopweho    


Asian coworker in El Segundo - m4m



So we've been working for the same company for a while.  We always smile and say hi.  I don't even know you're name. Today (12/8) we ran into the bathroom and exchange smiles and even talked a bit. It was nice.  I think you're handsome and I'm attracted to you. I think you feel the same way.  If you do hit me up. Lets get to talking. Let me know it's you by telling me what company we work for.    


12/29 lbc hawaiin bbq - m4w



I was at the hawaiin bbq place last night ordering my food.. I looked back. And you was walking by outside we both stared at each other. I waa amazed how beautiful you are. You was wearing a salmon color pants and white t.shirt. if you see this post reply back to me. Tell me what color jacket iwas wearing.. I would really wana get to know you. It was maybe around 7ish yesterday. When you was passing by. Hope to hear from you.    


1350 club - m4m



Was there on 1/4/17. Both of us older. You glasses, curly hair, handsome. Neither had a room. Went in a booth. Would love to meet up again.    


Asian woman posting on Missed Connections - mw4w



You described yourself as an Asian woman who met a couple (Jeff and Danielle) at a bar, lost their number and were seeking them again. We're not the couple, but a MFF triad who were super intrigued by your determination. We chatted, asked you to coffee, you said yes, then we stopped getting emails.

We're still beyond interested! Hope you see this, because we'd love to grab a drink and get to know you.    


M, I want you - m4w



M,

It's pretty wrong but I want you. We're both taken but you're unsatisfied. I think about helping that satisfaction problem you have quite a bit. If only you knew what I'd do to you. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It being wrong turns me on even more. 
 -D    


Rosa - m4w
Rosa De Durango - m4w
Rosa de Durango ....se que vives en la puente.. - m4w



Soy el que te aprieta la Mano cuando te saluda.
Otra clave....
Viajas mucho para Durango.
Entonces que nos lo echamos? 
Cuando visitas a tu hermana? 




urth cafe Santa Monica - w4m



we caught eyes a few times -- was captivated with the connection. you had dark hair with a little salt & pepper. You were holding hands with a girl with black hair. let me know if you remember sharing a locked eyes moment with me. what color is my hair?    


Blonde with braids, purple skirt and orange sweater at Vons Sunset - m4w



You were walking in as I was walking out. I suddenly forgot something and walked behind you looking for my forgotten item and then I totally forgot what I was looking for as well as how to speak. I hope you see this. I was wearing a hat and a loud rain slicker. Perhaps you saw me and remember what color it was? Either way, you were stunning. It was about a quarter to eleven or so on Thus night.    


Adult gifts santa monica - m4w



You helped me pick out some things.. Thank you. I was in there in black pants, black hoodie. I also asked about massage lotions.. Any chance youre lookin for some fun?    


Masc Latin stud Produce section of Ralphs - m4m



Saw you while I was buying salad fixings in the produce section of Ralphs on Burbank Blvd.

You were Late 30's Early 40's Masc muscle Latin guy, trim beard, tight sweats, snug fit hoodie, hat on.

Me Early 30's tall otter guy, White, Brown Leather jacket, paper boy hat.

Kept making eye contact at eachother,  I was interested but you seemd to be chatting with another person someone you knew.   Down to play some Pool, get a drink, or maybe to swallow your eggplant, bend over and take your cuCUMber!    


u steered my truck while I pushed - m4mw



We found ourselves in similar circumstances  your Volvo was thirsty n my pickup wanted nappy time, didn't notice your companion until  I was enamered byour style, 
Your presence is striking thus the reason I missed those few turns, maybe we will meet again, maybe diner and  a show? 
If it's you tell me where I sat
Leave your contact    


Playing Car Tag on 101 South - m4m



You were a sexy white dude in a white sedan.  I was the good looking black guy in the black sedan.  We both gave each other the most adorable smiles and kept checking each other out as we raced through traffic.  You gave me a thumbs up, and I winked back at you  Man, you were hot as fuck and I totally wanna kick it with you.  Maybe we can blaze it up and go for long out of town drives together.  You probably won't get this, but thanks for the fun time.  It was brief, but totally made my day :)

Cheers    


papa johns - m4w



You work at tje pizza place i saw u new yrs day at around 6 i taught you were cute msg me if u see this    


Cinefamily line - w4m



We were waiting in line tonight (Jan 5th) and I might have jinxed our chances of getting in by saying confidently that we would for sure. You were wearing red Pumas and listening to something on your hi-tech headphones. We saw a fire truck pull up. I wish I had suggested going for a drink and talk about films.... Maybe there's still a chance?    


Want some BOMB head now? Come by NOW! - m4m



If you are straight, bi, have a gf or married or just not getting serviced as your body needs. Just come by NOW and get your cock sucked and then leave. 

No talking no bs no games just you laying back as I suck your cock and lick your balls. 

MUST BE CLEAN: HIV NEG AND DD FREE. Be discrete. 

Come by park, walk up like your a friend come to visit knock, come in and get a great bj and go. 

PICS AND STATS IN FIRST EMAIL. Put SUCK ME UP on subject line so I know you're serious. Thanks.    


Uber driver Nicholas - m4m



Nicholas you pick me up frequently and we talk about ABQ.

You're hot and I'd love to grab a drink with you    


Highland Mall - m4w



Hi Julia my name is Sebastian we met a few years ago at the Highland mall back in 2013.You were studying to be a bartender and I approached u. As we got to talk I felt the strangest feeling in the world like I knew you from somewhere,and u asked and told me the same thing lol. And as we talked and got to know each other more that feeling inside of me grew even more, it was the vibes. Honestly I've never felt that way about anyone and nevr really do this but I felt inspired write this ad, so how are u lol. Are u a sexy bartender now ;)




Latin guy that names starts with a P in Altadena - m4m



Looking for a Latin guy I used to see awhile back. Thought I saw you on Lake Ave in Altadena next to your car. You're name starts with a "P". Tell me what kinda car you drive so I know it's you.    


Santa Clarita Target Dressing Room - m4w



You opened my changing room door and saw me in my full glory...lol...I guess my door wasn't completely latched, to both of our surprise.

I thought you'd have been freaked out, but you said, "Sorry..." glanced down at my crotch and said, "...but not really." Totally unexpected, and quite a turn on.

I would love to see you or be seen again...    


MAILMAN GOING TO AND FROM WORK - m4m



11-7-16
Hey guy i see you most morning crossing the street on your way to  work, i usually look to see if you look at me but you always look straight ahead . yesterday i happen to be driving by in the afternoon a little after 4 and you did look at me or maybe you were looking at my car lol . would be nice to talk see where it goes. if you see this tell me what street you use to go to work.    


Looking for the Guy - m4m



Trying to find this guy. If you know him, please ask him to contact me. My name's Jeff, and he can reach me at strainjeff at me dot com or 940 three nine one 7073.
Thanks
Jeff    


hi - w4m



well, I can't stop thinking about you

even though we've barely talked we have the most insane chemistry I felt it the first moment we said hi to each other. I want to kiss you so bad. this summer was weird I wish we could have a do over. you kept staring and I smiled back at you but we were both so nervous or something i don't know but we never got a chance to even hang 

you are so sexy, i wish you showed me your eyes more

come get me boi this crush has gone on too long















Having a drink at the bar - m4w



Couldn't keep my eye's off you.  You were having a drink with a gentleman at the bar and I was sitting to your left.  You caught my stare and I caught yours.  Tell me if you recall and what you had for dessert.




Professor seeks student - m4w




I know this is a complete long shot, but after the excitement i felt, I had to make an attempt.
I can't be too specific about a lot of things on here. I was your professor during your fall semester in biology, and I think that's about as specific as I can be, hah. Well I still have a career I'd like to keep so with that being said. I felt you coming on strong to me on multiple occasions, I can tell you where happy to see me : ) I'm sorry I wasn't able to return the affection hugs and smiles like I wanted to, but hopefully you get a chance to see this and we can get together sometime. 
So I know who you say you are, tell me the school and my name. Also, you complemented me once on one particular body part of mine, you said you where fascinated by. Put that body part in the subject line along with your pic . 
Hope you see this.    


Cute guy at Ralph's in La Canada - m4m



Saw a cute white guy at Ralph's January 2nd. If this is you, describe what you look like/ wearing so I know it's you.    


Harry Potter forbidden journey ride - w4m



Sunday I was by myself. We made eye contact while I was getting in my seat. 
Your leg was touching mine during most of the ride.

If you happen to see this let me know what I was wearing.    


St vincent medical center - m4w



Your a very pretty girl, you were on the 1st floor waiting for the elevator, you were wearing a red top, you told me happy new year, around 245pm, hope u see this post and reply back, tell me what i was wearing, thanks    


CVS - "the Popular Isle" - m4w



CVS

CVS - "the Popular Isle" 

It's probably a long shot finding you on here, but I figured I'd try anyway.

You were the pretty lady I ran into on two isles at CVS in San Pedro down on Gaffey.

Detail.....I moved out of the isle so you could get through.
Then, ran into you again in the alcohol isle....."the popular isle" where we exchange a few giggles
and a story about how you saw the box set of bottles/glasses, but there were none to be found at this one.

There were a million things running though my mind and I missed the opportunity to introduce myself.
Hopefully, Santa grants my wish and I get to see you again.

If this works, I expect a long warm hug and a kiss.
Santa's rules, not mine ;)    


Searching for Robert Sell(s?) or Robert Sell(s) Jr. - w4m



Doing genealogy search for a client. Searching for a Robert Sells (Or "Sell") or his son Robert Jr. 

Robert Sr. would have been in New York in the mid 1970's as a adult. Last known information was that he and his son moved to California.

Any information would be helpful.

Thank you for looking.    


Worker in subway - m4w



Can't stop thinking about you. It was Tuesday evening went in, your super gorgeous and attractive. Very nice talking with you.  Like to get to know you more. Send photo if it's you.    


Pretty black girl walking inn glencoe - m4w



We smiled as you walked by on the first day of 2017. I was with some others. I presume you were going to work. I'd love to take you out.    


Rose Bowl - m4w



We talked for a lot of the game. You and your cousin sat right behind me. I should've asked for your number    


A Bark Idea - m4w



It was last night, at the gym... I noticed you in the exercise room used for classes, but it was empty with only a few others doing their own thing.  I didn't want my stare to linger, so I quickly began my short ab workout.  You moved within the room to jump on the bike.

As I was walking out, I couldn't help it, but gave you another look... we made eye contact (at least  I think we did).  As I was finishing up my last couple of exercises I noticed you leave the area - most likely leaving for the night since you threw on a long sleeve top to cover up for the brisk night.

As I finished my workout shortly after, I walked out, too, and noticed you driving by in the parking lot, not sure if you noticed me again or not, but it was fairly dark.

This is not like me, but I wish I would've said hi at least.  If you happen to be reading this and had any thoughts similar to mine, please message me back... I would love to get to know you...

If you do reply, please tell me what kind of decal you have on your SUV so I know it's really ou... I remember it clearly, and I think what you're passionate about is a really awesome thing!

Hope to hear from you.    


Purple shorts crossing Beverly at La Cienega - m4m
Be More Bold - m4w



That was your New Year's revolution and I should've followed your lead and asked for your number. We discussed the changes to the neighborhood and how to responsibly live within a gentrifying community. Email me with details about your plans for the 19th, maybe we can meet and talk more before then.    


Dog Trainer in Santa Monica - m4w



You were walking and training a dog for your friend.  I was on my bike.  We talked for a minute or so before I rode off.  I would love to se you again.  If you reply with your name and the dog's name, then i will know it is you.    


To the "seer" at Trunks in the black shirt - m4m



I am sorry I had to leave without exchanging numbers. I would love to see you again. Email me if you want to have dinner.    


Topanga Mall- Top Floor Inside PacSun - m4w



We made eye contact numerous times, you were wearing something very distinctive

I also was wearing something very distinctive. You purchased something then walked outside.

You are a mysterious woman    


REI- Blondie - m4w



You bumped into me at the REI in woodland hills
You are so cute! What was I wearing?




IT guy in spiderman hoodie - m4m



Hey we work for the same company. And I've run into you a couple of times. You are so hot and sexy I love your beard. I would love to just suck your dick and make you cum. No strings labels or anything like that just let me pleasure you. I'm discreet and clean. If interested message me and tell me what company we work for.    


IT guy in spiderman hoodie - w4m



Hey posting here just in case you look on here. ;)

Hey we work for the same company. And I've run into you a couple of times. Im the hispanic guy in the grey hoodie. You are so hot and sexy I love your beard. I would love to just suck your dick and make you cum. No strings labels or anything like that just let me pleasure you. I'm discreet and clean. If interested message me and tell me what company we work for.    


Em Dee - m4w



I wouldn't bother with this, but it did occur to me that perhaps you aren't getting any of my emails since I changed my email address (going to spam perhaps?) So I thought I would post a note out in the ether of the world just in case you read these.

If you are getting the couple of emails I sent and not answering, I completely understand why. But I at least wanted to know you were ok. So reply to this if nothing else just to let me know. If you prefer not to talk again, fine, no harm no foul, just tell me. The whole ghosting thing is just bad karma.

Note - if you think this is for you you'd know I'm from Wisconsin.    


Looking for ANDREW - m4m



Looking for a buddy I have hooked up with in the past.  Please contact me if you see this.  Would LOVE to get back together.  Key phrase here is meeting in the sauna.  If you see this you will know who I am and what we did.  Please reply so I know it is you bud.  Looking forward to meeting again.    


Equinox Hollywood Wednesday Afternoon - m4m



We were alone in the steam room together on Wednesday afternoon around 4:30p. U were in the corner and i sat close. u kept showing off but i got nervous. hit me up - i gotta be careful but would be hot to connect.    


Rec Park - m4m



Long shot here but really wants to at least give it a try.  Saw you walking your dog on Belmont Ave earlier this week.  We seen each other before while walking our dogs.  I Know that you preferred women but the vibe you sent felt that you might be interested in trying something different.  Want to help you this raining day before you move out of the neighborhood.  Extreme DL so it will be something between us.    


Things remembered | Valencia Mall - m4t
Starbucks On Ventura wearing slippers - m4w



Hey we were both wearing slippers mine mocks yours were a print. You were under the weather, I should have asked if you wanted to do something but I was super taken off guard when you started talking to me, I could tell you were trying to keep the convo going I just wasn't ready for that ATM. 
I'd love to take you out. 
Cheers. 

I'm 6'3 red hair red beard tattoos 
Wearing all black 



Down to earth Computer Technician - m4m
Do you know a Jason? - m4m



I'm looking for a guy named Jason. I do not know his last name but it was a two-part (or three part) last name like De Cruz or Van Bebber or Della Rossa....something with a space in the middle. He used to work for the VA hospital in billing or something similiar. He used to frequent Grindr. He is from somewhere in the mid to northeast US originally. He is an Army veteran and got out as a sergeant. He had or has a chihuahua. He is gay. He is in his early 30s. 
If you think you might know him, please email me his information....even a real last name would help. It's important. Thanks.    


Cutie at Petsmart - w4m




I met you at the Petsmart and we chatted for a little bit about the dog I was holding. You and your two kids started petting him. You then played with a kitten in the room next to me. You were very friendly with a great smile. Thought you were attractive. Wasn't sure if you are married. I was interested in getting to know you more. I should have said it then but if you're on okhookup add me at shellygrnt2 or message me here with what kind of dog I have.    


Are you a single girl? Please read - m4w



Ladies how are you doing today??
 Well check it out. I'm a 25yr old Male 
I have a great job but I'm Single and don't really go out. 
I think this is the year where I meet my future princess
I want to meet someone whom I can bring home to mom not my bed
Someone who I can spoil. I'm not looking for a one night stand
That's not my thing. I want to be able to take you out 
Maybe just cruise?? Watch a movie?? Go out to eat?? 
Seems like fun huh?? 

About me 
I'm single 
I'm 25 
I'm Hispanic (Mexican) 
I'm almost/am 6ft tall 
My skin tone is in the middle 
No acne pretty clean/clear face 
Not skinny nor huge 
Perfect for cuddling 

You?? What I'm looking for?? 
would like slim/slender 
Single
Almost my age
Kids idc I don't mind 
You have to be girly!!!lol 
I'm the dude here no need for a cock fest lol 
ID LOVE IT IF YOU WERE 
HISPANIC*ASIAN*WHITEGIRL 

YOUR PIC GETS MINE 
TEXT ME TEXT ME 
(3onezero) 8five3-six9sevenseven    


SUNSHINE PENALVER - m4w



she lived in Malibu and Hollywood until 3 years ago. I would like to try to reconnect with her. Please contact me with any info    


12/27/16 My Lyft Driver



My lyft driver and I had a great conversation about sex the entire ride. You are 58, I guessed 35-38. I told you about a couple of my experiences and you told me about yours.

I wanted to ask how big your Black Dick is, and if I could give it a taste, but I was meeting a girl and I knew if you said sure, I wouldn't have gotten out of your car without taking my panties off. 

I am a white male in my twenties, that likes older women and doesn't sleep with white girls.

Send a picture, where you picked me up or tell me something that I said so I know its you    


The bus driver on fair oaks! - m4m



You were a really hot driver.
I needed help to get to
The Fillmore  station.
You dropped me off at the closet location. I could not stop staring at you from the mirror
I saw you stare but wasn't sure it was towards me. I don't post stuff like this but you definitely caught my attention. 
Hope there was something that sparked up the day.
Hope you respond to me.    


Nursing student who was about to finish but didn't get Anatomy course - m4w



This is long due and it doesn't matter anymore. You won't see or read this because it actually happened 2 years ago. 

It was possibly in the Spring semester of 2015. We were waiting for anatomy 101, both of us are crashing the course. I'm never the guy who thought of approaching women, I was just there because of my interest. You approached me, smiled and asked if I was in the same situation.

Your voice was sweet, almost like a tang, a sweet sound that I can't taste. Your eyes are caramel just like fine finished chocolates, your cheeks were soft and they had dimples like perfectly shaped inverted-hills. You were wearing the typical ugg-boots, fur. You had a very flattering yoga pants or stretchy pants (whatever you call them) on and I thought you looked marvelous, gorgeous and out of this world. You said it was your last year before nursing school and that you also go to a college just right out of the valley, you have to take the freeway to get here. God knows how many nursing schools there are in SoCal alone. Jennifer was it your name?

It was the beginning of the evening, everything was getting darker. But you didn't care I looked like I did, you didn't care I was probably some castaway minority in where most wouldn't dare approach or thought worthy to speak with. You didn't know I don't have a car yet and that I'm also struggling. I tripped into my own well of insecurities, but you looked back at me when I was sitting down and you looked away after a brief glance. The professor picked me, instead of you. And you walked away with some tears in your eyes. I told you "just come back tomorrow, okay?" but I didn't get to ask for your number. I was in there for my interest but now I was doubtful, regretful and I resented my naivety. 

Doubtful because I wouldn't really keep to course, especially without you. Regretful because I should have given it to you, you needed it more and resentful because after this, I would go through a pretty horrid freak-accident that will leave me wandering the very same valley I was, only that the valley was deeper, darker and longer. I fell in depressed again, all because I wanted to impress another woman who reminded me of you.

Your the first person who approached me in a long time, I missed that but I cherish it and I am always learning from it. Maybe it was for the better, but thank you. It was always bitter sweet, always the bitter sweet ending.    


Construction Dude - m4m



You replied to my first and only post last year. 

You're a construction guy on the DL

Would love to come over again if you're down.    


You saved my dog - Petsmart Guy - w4m



You saved my dog who ran out on The day of the Rose Bowl 
thanks! i was trying to give you my # but happened so fast. email me :)    


Baies Up - w4m



You basically hung me on a tree after dragging me through the mud. How's JLo's ass writing for the whole label? Didn't think she could hold a pen or a candle to the truth.    


Missed me ship leavin' port! Help me find me scurvy pirate brothers! - m4mm



Ahoy! it was not but a moon be off that I had too much spiced rum 'n local beauties that I missed me ship's departure from port. if ye've seen a band o' pirates, wit' their loose teeth, coconut hats 'n squawkin' parrots, please let me be knowin'. i be needin' t' join their gang once more 'n find me lost treaaye. some 'o me lovely booty gunna be ye reward.    


large coffee winchells doughnut's - m4w



I see you almost every other day you always know that I get a large coffee and you have it ready before I get to the counter your really pretty and smart I always try to flirt with you but I'm not very good at lol if you know who I am? What do I normally wear?    


Girl in Yellow Top At Van Nuys Building Dept - m4w



I was walking down the stairs and you were walking up the stairs to the code enforcement section.
We exchanged Hi's...    


Burbank Zankou - w4m



I was enjoying my lunch this afternoon at Zankou, minding my own business. I had just taken a bite of luleh when you came up to me and complimented my scarf. I'm sure I looked ridiculous with a mouthful of food as I tried to smile and say thank you. 

I wanted to catch you before you left to redo my thanks but you had already left. If you're still interested send me a message, and I promise I won't talk with my mouthful again. ;-)    


Equinox DTLA - You: Latino, tank top. 8pm on 1/4 - m4m



We saw each other in the locker room and locked eyes for a moment.  We saw each other again as I was leaving.  You were on a machine on the main floor next to the treadmills.  I had to walk by again, and we locked eyes again.  Would love to learn more.  Hit me up. You had a light gray tank top with some stripes and some red?    


24 Fitness  The Village - m4m



You:  5'9" Tan hat,  wearing a tan tank top that revealed the best looking pecs I have ever seen.

You have the most incredible pecs I have ever seen...you are gorgeous!

would like to connect and give you a massge.

Me:  Black tshirt, was on the Pec deck when we made eye contact.    


24 Hour Fitness Village - m4m



YOU:  Hispanic male...in the locker room.

We made eye contact twice and I ame back for a secon dlook.

Me: Older, black tshirt, glasses.

I want to connect    


24 hr fitness northridge - m4w



I'm always at the gym just too shy to talk to any girls :) email me I will send pictures :) you do the same middle eastern 6 foot tall    


Alvaro - w4m




I like you 
I want to be with you 
But I don't know how to say it
I don't know how to tell you



24 Hr Burbank - You held the door 6:25 am - m4m



You were leaving the gym at about 6:25 this morning, I was coming in. You, sexy Latin young guy, me shaved head older white guy. We made eye contact, you smiled. Thanks for holding the door. I actually came back out to see if you were still there, but you already left. If by chance you see this, hit me up. Tell me what you had in your hands, so I know it's you.    


Connstruction workers on LBBLVD and 16th - m4m



Lately been seeing construction workers that are very CUTE and STRAIGHT!! Wanted to know if I could suck your cocks if your are reading this!!!! Reply back with face pic and put "Construction" on subject line. I love to suck Straight Construction guys.    


s indiana st and e 6th st 12/26 - m4w



I seen you at the light between indiana st and 6th st on 12/26 around 3:50pm you looked really beautiful. I wave at you and so did you so I would like to meet you some day. Hope you see this post. If you do email with more details of what you were wearing and what was I doing.    


hola busco mujer latina cachonda - m4w



hola soy hombre tengo 26 busco mujer en el valle latina cuerpo y aparencia no importa nena    


99 cent store on pico - m4w



Beautiful face blue hair thick black girl at the 9 cent store on pico & 28th street need her number so bad lol    


Cute guy at Pie Hole in the arts district - w4m



Around 1pm on Wednesday, tall cute guy who complimented me on my flannel I should have said "you could watch me take if off if you give me your number" haha but instead I said thanks and smiled. If you're reading this please reply I'd like to hear from you and hang out or something! Also in your reply, to make sure it's you tell me what tattoo you have on your elbow ;). 

If you aren't him DO NOT REPLY to this post. 

Thanks! Hope you see this. 





HOSTING TOPS NOW!!! - m4mm



Hey looking for a hard top or a couple to come and really give me that hard cock and pound it as hard as you can and milk it deep in my hole or throat...
I'm hispanic, 31yr, 5'8 chub/bear tight bubble ass, Great Oral skills, Bottom, HIV/STD Negative, I'm in pasadena and can travel to you now.

Age, Body, Ethnicity Don't matter, 
Just have a Big Cock, good Hygien, be STD/HIV Negative. 

Older GUYS up to the Front

Hosting Now!!!! In Pasadena    


LET ME DRAIN YOUR LOAD: TOPS TO THE FRONT - m4m



Hey looking for a hard top or a couple to come and really give me that hard cock and pound it as hard as you can and milk it deep in my hole or throat...
I'm hispanic, 31yr, 5'8 chub/bear tight bubble ass, Great Oral skills, Bottom, HIV/STD Negative, I'm in pasadena and can travel to you now.

Age, Body, Ethnicity Don't matter, 
Just have a Big Cock, good Hygien, be STD/HIV Negative. 

Older GUYS up to the Front

Hosting Now!!!! In Pasadena    


24 Hour Weho and walking ALI Wed 1pm - m4m



Wed 1 pm: Your name is Ali. Tell me where you moved here from. We had a nice chat, having exchanged glances in the sauna and locker room. Let's do happy hour....    


Wed 1:30 tall red head with glasses at Trader Joe's - m4m



Wednesday 1:30 pm: You were wearing black shorts and a black hoodie... We chatted briefly about a customer in the produce section and then were at check out lines across from each other. Tell me what we talked about. I saw you leave in your Prius (what color is it?). You're so cute with that curly red hair and the glasses! Saying hi. Grab a drink?    


Jay - m4m



You helped take apart something that I purchased from you. ( I was with a buddy)  Your Latin very hot.. 
tell me what we took apart... id like to fool around with you!    


Redhead at Insite Health Care - m4w



I was waiting behind you at the front desk and then had to leave. I saw you sign your name as Ariel or something. Omg. Hope you see this.  You are stunning. It was like eleven am or something today. Burgundy skirt and gray sweater and you were carrying a Jean jacket. I was dying. I was on phone outside office. What was I wearing?    


Chase Bank on Topanga around Lunch Time - m4w



I was in the bank Wednesday around lunch time.  You offered to help me when I was making a deposit at the automated teller. I asked if the machine takes cash. 

You were stunning! I should have said yes to the help, but I was just in a moment of shock. I was really digging your nose ring by the way! 

I wanted to talk to you, but I know how it is at the bank with clients and all that. The older lady seemed like she might be a supervisor. And of course there are cameras everywhere in the bank. 

Anyway, I'd really love to get to talk to you. You had a pure spirit about you, which I could see from your eyes. If you'd like to grab coffee or just chat you should respond. I would really like that. 

Respond with what color jacket I was wearing.    


M4MW - m4mw



Down and hard and  and thick ready to serve a couple  My hot cum  if you want to see my video on YouTube  It's -Zumming if you like what you see get back at me    


Landlord's son on Figueroa - w4m



You're the landlords son and you are so fucking hot. I've always wanted to suck your dick and make you cum. I know you have a gf but I can make you cum better than her. Let's do it and be discreet.    


Wi Spa Monday Dec 26 - m4m



You fit guy handsome with beard hairy chest around 5pm -7pm we made contact eye in the jacuzzi and the steam room, we sit and talk 
I'm the tall guy with beard and hairy chest 
If you see this
Email me, if you want, we can meet    


alli ally allie alex (some similar short name for a flower) - m4w



So we met years ago at a starbucks you were working at on the promenade. 
We hung out for a while with you and your friend and a friend of mine. 

We kinda met serendipitously, before i knew your name, i had a book on plants and flowers with me, and had been looking at a picture of this flower in the book. Shortly after i asked you what your middle name was you said allie was your middle name and i got you to tell me your first name. Which led you to tell me your parents were hippies and the name was that of a flower.  That was when i opened up the book i had and flipped to the page of the flower. 

When i left you said something like youd probably be working at anthropologie or aeropostale, one of those and to look you up, you told me you might invite me over for dinner/movie if i ran into again.

Fasy forward, i end up looking up at a random window as im walking past an apartment building and your neighbor sees me an invites me up. Later on you see me and offer to give me some of your boyfriends stuff. You tell me your names alex. At this point i dont recognize you an you dont recognize me. 
You tell me you were traveling abroad. And again casually i ask you what your middle name is, you say alex is your middle name.
At this point im going hmmm. A bit later i come across a sbucks cup outside with the name ally.  Then i notice a few other things that remind me, and still yet you dont seem to recognize me, and nothing it seems could jog your memory. 

Thats why i kinda blew up at you. I was frustrated.

Later i drunkenly woke up on a doorstep and to my surprise there you were again letting someone into another apartment.  

I just want to let you know if  you read this that none of these encounters were conscious an in no way had I been stalking you or anything.  Even though these three encounters were miles an miles apart and the destinations resulted in my long walks through the county. It was entirely chance.  

I just thought that after all this time running into you was something,  you used to say if it's meant to be its meant to be. 

Well apparently it was an wasn't,  when I realized that it was you,  there really was nothing I could do without being really strange,  and since that's how we met that time it just didn't feel right by me.  

Then again maybe it wasn't you,  maybe I'm crazy.   

I just wanted you to know that you made a impression on me all those years back,  and I had hoped to run into you again.  I have hope things will work out.    


Asain Woman in Harbor Freight 11/26 - m4w



Saw you in Harbor Freight. We made eye contact a few times. I thought you were very attractive and want to learn more about you. 
Let me know who you were shopping with.    


Landlord's son on Figueroa - m4m



You're the landlords son and you are so fucking hot. I've always wanted to suck your dick and make you cum. I know you have a gf but I can make you cum better than her. Let's do it and be discreet.    


Rad qt at the Broad with pink/orange hair - t4t



We were both at the Broad in DTLA yesterday (1/3). You had pink/orange curly hair, wore a green Patagonia puffer jacket and a blue t-shirt with a sugar skull on it, and you were reading a book a book on grassroots activism while you stood in line next to me. I was wearing a Where's Waldo hat and a navy blue bomber-style jacket with patches. We made eye contact at the Yayoi Kusama infinity room and then I didn't see you after that. I'm queer and I hope you are too. If you see this and are interested, message me with the title of the book to confirm it's you.    


missed my chance - m4w



I should have engaged in a conversation with you. I think I missed my chance. It was 4 pm San Pedro on Gaffey Street you were walking down Gaffey Street as I was turning onto 16th I noticed you walking down Gaffy St as I went around the block to go back to the gas station on 17th you were crossing the street and walking into the station I was in line you walked up in the back of me as I paid for my gas I turned around and we both smiled at each other and I walked over to my car as I was pumping the gas you were walking away you were about 5' 2 maybe 120lbs long dirty blonde hair black jacket blue jeans something about you walking down that street amazed me. You were opening a pack of cigarettes i could not helpe but watch you as you walked away your long dirty blonde hair shining in the sunlight just amazing. I cant take my mind off of you might be silly but I hope to see you again soon I will be sure to talk to you next time. If by chance you might see this I was driving a blue Camaro.    


Smooth, muscular white guy at spa - we chatted a lot - m4m



This was January 2. We first connected in the small, hot jacuzzi. You came in and sat next to me. There was an older dude in there with us, but you and I were secretly touching each other. After he got out, we were able to chat some, and I was commenting on your thick cock in my hand. We kept trying to connect again, but we could never get alone anywhere. Later, we chatted for awhile standing out on the deck, about how busy it was and such.

You were very sexy, muscular and smooth, and I'd love to get naked with you again and finally get a chance to suck on that cock! Let me know something specific, so I know it's you. I think you may have had a small tattoo on your back? I could tell you specifics of what we talked about as well.    


John that I've met on boovoodate - w4m



Hey, John. I hope u r reading it.

After night u didnt call me, and idk your number.

Please, contact me, I miss u so much

Kate (tts1972)    


Rude Dogs on 11- 23. Yvon - m4w



Hi Ivon and Yolanda we met you guys at Rude Dogs, should of asked you if you wanted to continue hanging out some other time for some target practice.. Hit me up You know who we is... lol... Trump!!!!!    


girl at lafitness - m4w



Saw you monday getting on the stairmaste had some ete contact, seen you couple of times and your very beautiful hopefully you see this and reply.    


Wi Spa - m4m



I've never posted anything here before. First time for everything.

I met you at Wi Spa. On Tueday, at night, in the sauna. It was around 8pm and 11pm. In the steam room we asked each other about tattoos on our arms. Yours was on your left forearm. Tell me what it is and what you told me about it. And Tell me what you guessed mine meant. 

I wanted to get to know you more but I had to be with my friend who was waiting for me in the common area. I hope you see this, and send me a note so that we can maybe get together sometime.




Rude Dogs on 11- 23. Yvon - m4w



Hi Ivon and Yolanda we met you guys at Rude Dogs, should of asked you if you wanted to continue hanging out some other time for some target practice.. Hit me up You know who we is... lol... Trump!!!!!    


Equinox trainer - WLA - m4m



You're probably straight and will never see this but I just wanted to say, Frank your ass is fucking beautiful. You took a shower the other night before you started your shift and goddamn I wanted to eat you out. I should train with you just so I can see that ass more often.    


NYE Shots, NYC doctor - m4w



This is a long shot, but I haven't been able to stop thinking about you.  We spent much of New Years Eve together at Areal after not wanting to wait in line at the other bars, after just meeting at the bar we did a few shots together throughout the night (among other things)... and you said you were a doctor from NYC.  We said we'd find each other later but it was already 1am.  I regret not getting your number.  I bought you shots, and your sister and friends shots.

I hope you find me

  If it's you tell me my name or some details you remember from that night, like what we were drinking    


Midtown Spa Awesome New year - m4m



We had awesome time together in your room at the 2nd floor then we continued to my room in 3rd floor, we connect sexually would like to connect again with you...  You are perfectly AWESOME!    


Tall Giant at Belasco New Years - m4m



Are you the tall GIANT at the Belasco theatre last night? Wow, you're stunning. Hit me up, I'd love to chat and get to know a new friend.    


Your tearing me apart. - m4w



You should have left me quite all that time. The doper, u should have never found me. 
I feel like im going crazy. Is this payback? This should be it. You and all your Fbuddies can go fuck each other. Me and my addictions can be together.  Sometimes love isnt enough    


Aaron R.M. - w4m



There's no way you'll read this, which is precisely why I'm posting it. I've got to vent out this unwarranted attraction somewhere. I don't know why, but I can't stop thinking about you. Actually, I do know why. You're intelligent, honest, attractive, adventurous, spiritual, aware, and soothing to me. I realize the feeling isn't mutual. If it were, you'd reach out to me. As it is, I feel like I bother you too much with trivial things just trying to start conversation. I fear it's gotten a bit obvious and don't want to seem...well...like I'm thinking about you without really knowing you. Yeah, yeah, I know that's precisely what's happening, but I'm one of those fools who likes to believe the person they're thinking about is thinking the same, however silly. Much easier to pretend that might be true than go ahead and ruin things by confirming it isn't. 

A girl can dream.    


WHOLE FOODS



Missed connection November 2014. I was standing in the make-up section talking
to an employee when you walked by around 6:30 pm on a Sunday night. You stopped
and looked at me and we had an intense stare down. You then walked towards the 
back of store and I ended up in the same aisle you were in when an employee helped
me locate an item there. I was talking to the employee but really wanted to approach
you and waited too long. I think you thought I wasn't interested and left. I thought you
were super hot and was not thinking clearly! If by some miracle you find this and want
to connect please email me and describe the type of attire you were wearing and the
aisle we both ended up in. I will not respond without the details, not interested to hear
from anyone else    


Vromans - m4w



You kept looking and so was I. You must've just worked out by what you were wearing .    


My poem to Karen Del I didn't show her love or compassion, I pray - m4w



Weeping nights, from guilty eyes tell the story of loves demise 

There may be no going back, but hope I do not lack, as I pray our mated souls find the same track 

Ignorant, unseen, mistakes left carnage and injury in my wake, and now we have both suffered from that fate 

But life is based on what we make and what is at stake: two loves who can work together to change ill fate 

So who is in control? God allowed me to hit rock bottom and I hit an all time low, but our unique and forever love is just something I just cant to let go 

I believe in change and how as individuals and couples we can always grow, we are not just labels that scholars throw, and deep inside this is something I Absolutely know 

I wonder if she will ever listen, help me find my way home from perdition. Yet I remain the course even if even if success unattainable on this mission. 

When you believe in true love and that soul mates can rise above, there is always hope you can re earn the trust of the a beautiful and marvelous white dove 

She has it all: the mind, the behind and all the intangibles intertwined: I will say of the love of my life...she is perfection Devine! 

But we had trouble getting on the same page, so hurl your eggs and tomatoes upon me as I'm on stage, because I have injured my love... I will willfully and vulnerably accept your rage. 

As I explore, I have learned true love is humble, but I have lived inside this closed minded bubble, and now the consequence is watching both of our hearts crumble 

I have realized am in love with more than just her body and soul, everything she knows and loves, watching her grow, so now I will own the pain I have caused you and let the truth be told:

I've made mistakes, and there is enormous guilt on my face, but there can be no better euphoria than the blessings, redemption, and the deliverance of your love, by gods grace!  

This woman inspires me but I seem to only cause her pain, she may say that, only I, have more to gain, so I have seen the terrible error of my ways and now myself I disdain 

I look for you and see your face everywhere I go, the experiences we have shared, only we can know, but those memories are now sinking under a new season of snow

I know that with every second passing your heart continues to flee, the luckiest man in the world, he could've been me, now I wish my sight was gone because of the damage I have caused and what I have seen. 

Don't always listen to others, the experience they speak of is only their own, only now do I know that together we could've grown, but our love could still be the greatest love that the world has ever known 

I have learned what it means to be loyal and what is loyalty, Everyday I should've made you royalty, instead there is a guilty party and he is me. 

This fence and your heart with love are sure to mend, I used to be so ridged but now my hardened heart can bend, if you would give me one last chance with gods grace, forever your beautiful soul I will gently tend 

Just Follow your dreams and follow your heart, as I shake my hands at Adam, I wish mans imperfection  never tore our love apart, but somehow this is all part of gods plan, and the picture he paints is always, Devine priceless art 

I may never know again your warm embrace and The touch of your lips as you release your pain, there is no more an important message in life that my words can contain, I wish to see you grow and grow again and again! 

I will own the blame, because of the pain I have caused, for the rest of my life I'll eat heaping bowls full of shame, but the sound of your voice, your touch and your hugs, I will always adore with your name 

This is it for me, though I hope it is not. Possibly my final amends, as a result of my actions, this journey may have come to a terrible, painful, dead end. 

It appears that no more does love exist in you because of how of hurt you, you're not even my friend. 

Baby, I pray you might know the new me! The man who has faith in God and is a spiritual leader! I didn't understand you as an EMPATH, I drained you, I hurt your feelings, I betrayed your trust! I recently remembered what you said about me holding the umbrella over Mickey and I broke down! I can't believe I made you feel that way, that is not who I am any longer!!!

You are my true north!  The woman whom I had hurt...but you are a new you and I am a new me! Have faith in our Heavenly Father and his Holy Spirit and faith in Jesus Christ forgive me please! Be willing to love everything moving forward! I will be loyal to you for the rest of my life in every way! Open your heart we can heal and our testimony will be miraculous! 

From wounds to wisdom

KF    


Super Cute: White Chevy: Chevron off 60 freeway near Mont Twn Ctr - m4w



Chevron Gas Station; 730-ish; Beautiful woman fueling up a newer white chevy impala(?).  I was fueling a black SUV.  You were just so sexy as you cleaned the windows then your alarm kicked on.. ..... would love to meet...    


11/05/16 Victor- Super Shuttle Driver - w4m



You drove me to LAX on Saturday 11/05. I was going out of town for a weekend trip and you were very professional, but also very sweet and I really enjoyed our conversation. You seem like a fun person and maybe we could hang out. 
Probably should have done this weeks ago, but the past several weeks have been crazy at work for me and I imagine for you too! 
Please identify yourself by telling me where you are from so I know it's really you. Hope this works!    


I am weird in every possible way! - m4w



i am known by the name BigDaddy in most of the online games i play! there it is, you already know im a nerd so if you dont like gamers GTFO baby girl! usmc veteran, current bartender and nurse into making( three more semesters ) i am very talkative so i expect the same from you! lets start by you asking any further question you might have:D    


Guy w/motorcycle helmet who pushed elevator button for me at Crunch - m4m



Saw you in the locker room at Crunch then you had to push the button at the elevator for me because I'm useless. :)

Just wanted to say hello. And thanks. 

Would love to know more about you.    


We were just on metro cute woman glasses cute bag foxes-me bandana - m4w



God I should have jumped on that next train going to Wilshire Western with you. 
   We came off expo line 
You have the cute bag with the fox on it I commented on....you were talking with the Asian guy seemed like a work friend. 
   I thought you were amazing....    


guy with green shirt - m4m



So i was working, and as i took your order you were so handsome i was embrassed to see you were married. You were wearing the green shirt. I was wondering if we could at least talk. You are so handsome, and tall. If you ever see this tell me the place i was working and what it said on your green shirt so i know its you    


To the pretty blonde woman in diamondhead walking her dog - m4w



I see you walking your dog every now and then when I walk mine. I just wanted to tell you I think you are gorgeous. I think your name starts with a J, you have long blonde hair and you sound like you're from the south.    


Bombshell on Yellow & Black Motorcycle - m4w



I was walking my short-legged dog on The Strand this evening when I saw you pull up.
Yes, I was just initially checking out your bike (freaking love that bike). Then your helmet came off.
We kept making eye contact; however, I didn't want to take the chance of bugging you in case you are strictly there to enjoy the sunset in peace.
Anyway, I started riding a while back and am new to the area.
Care to team up on a ride one day?    


San Pedro, Japanese descent, mother of one, into music - m4w



Hi,

I'm looking for an old online friend from several years ago. You live in San Pedro, are of Japanese descent, have one child, and are into music/concerts. Your father is a Buddhist priest if I remember correctly. 

I live in Pasadena. We used to chat/email quite a bit. Then I got cold feet. I have been thinking about you and hope we can reconnect.

I'd once fallen out of touch and you placed a missed connection ad and we reconnected. 

Hope you might see this.

B    


Delieverer - m4m



Long shot , I dont even know if you're into guys. 
You come in deliever and always try to make conversation with me. Last time complimented my watch. 
If you read this , I'd love to Do something more than just talk 
Let me know next time you come in.    


1/3/17 - Looking for matching VW gal from US Bank in Redondo Beach - m4w



Hello VW gal, before I drove off I meant to ask if you'd like to meet sometime for a smoothie. Pls reply.

VW guy    


LOOKING FOR ROMANIAN CD - m4t



I AM LOOKING FOR A CD THAT I DATED MANY YEARS AGO, APPROX 10YRS OR SO,  WE DATED AND WENT TO A TG CLUB, YOU WORE A YELLOW AND BLACK OUTFIT WITH A BEAUTIFUL YELLOW HAT, THEN WE WENT BACK TO YOUR PLACE. YOU WERE MY FIRST DATE, FOND MEMORIES
LOOKING TO TOUCH BASE, SO LONG AGO I DONT RECALL YOUR NAME, WOUULD LOVE TO CATCH UP ON THINGS    


Joy Suana 1-2-2017 - m4m



Hey bro I know this is long shot but I thought I would try!

I meet you at the spa yesterday and we talked in the dry sauna then you had a massage.
Then I saw you again in the dry sauna and we talked about the doctors and you told me what city you lived in and city your doctors was in. And you even told me what you stepped on and got a tetanus shot. 
Your name started with a V and mines with a M. 
I felt so dumb for not asking for you number I was nervous.
Hit me up with your name and mines and what you steeped on. 

Hoping you read this and reply back
Would love to go out on date coffee or whatever    


Looking for Juan David Echeverri Grisales - w4m



My name is Jennifer Garay, I'm looking for Juan David Echeverri Grisales. He used to live Burbank in 2004. He also lived with Linda Mejia in Los Angeles. He is 40 years old and born 3-10-76. If you are who I'm loooking for, you have 30 days from December 4, 2016 to reply to this message.    


gave you flip flops to cover you feet in summer 2016 - t4w



hi I gave you flip flops and water when you needed it. it was in the summer 2016. I regret leaving and not giving you shelter :( I heard your name is cindy. I hope you can forgive me for leaving you there. I hope we can be friends. I live in santa clarita. I'm 32, trans, faith person, and nice. I know you've been through hard times from the word on the street and I'd like to be there. Pls write me let me know your okay and if we can have lunch somewhere in a public restaurant :) thanks. your truly, V. 




Mongolian pretty girl met on UberPool - m4w



Hey we UberPooled together last night and you and your friend we had a great convo about Asia, Mongolia, the Korean word "Jagiya", African food and the Mongolian throat singing... we had a great connection but I kind of ignored you hinting me to ask for a number or some other forms to stay in contact by saying things like so now you need a Mongolian girlfriend and yadda yadda yadda...  

I feel bad I didn't connect the dots but I was hungry and sleepy sorry lol. 
I remember you mentioned you're taking ESL classes to later apply for college, right? 

Well, If you felt that way too, I'd love to get to know more about you and probably visit Mongolia together once, so hmu :)    


LOOKING FOR SABINA - 1980's WEST HOLLYWOOD - m4w



German girl blonde hair...Sabina managed apartment bldg 1207 Horn Ave....I was her neighbor and we dated...this is legit, I'm not a stalker...we were really good friends and had great times together....I wanna see how she is doing.    


15910 Ventura Blvd building, Encino - m4w



Hi Happy New Year! That elevator ride went way too fast. I had to get off before you got off on the 17th. (First day back to work after a long holiday always sucks) You are tall, about 5'9" to 5'11". You're mixed ethnicity, with shoulder length hair. Anyhow, wondering if you'd be interested in drinks and apps after work anytime? Happy 2017!    


Eryn at Maple Block Meat Co - m4w



Eryn served me when I was in LA over Christmas... I can't get your gorgeous eyes out of my head.  I wish I told you how stunning you looked when I was in the restaurant.  I'm hoping to make a trip back soon but wanted to see if we could connect from a distance.    


Jason - Century Spa - m4m



You were a taller, sexy Asian guy. We first connected in the mist room, rubbing legs. Then we ran into each other in the steam room, and I motioned for you to sit next to me. We fooled around a little there, and then we moved to the bench upstairs to finish off.

Let me know my name or something specific, so I know it's you. I'd love to meet up sometime where I can get a real go at that sweet ass.    


Cosmo? - m4w



You were on your way in the gate. USC fan, I told you to hurry up and drink your cosmo and you offered it to me. You said you're to old to chug and I said you don't look a day over 21. No way you're 55! Look to gorgeous still    


Cheryl . MWA Alano Club - m4w



Hi looking for an old friend named Cheryl. The initial of her last name was B. I knew her from MWA Alano Club in the mid 90's to early 2000's. She was thin, long brown hair, She  had an bi-racial child. use to hang out with a girl named Leanne . She usually went to the 5:30 happy hour. I heard that she moved to AZ. than was back in Long Beach.  She probably be in her 40's by now. I also heard that she might have passed on, hope not. Anyway  thanks for reading if anyone knows her or what happened to her. Please drop me a line. Thanks again for reading    


seeking f for tina concert - m4w



seeking female companion , and listen to tina turner with.. the clouds are extra fluffy, and there's plenty of drink    


Beverly hot springs guy in sauna - m4m



Hope you see this.  We hung out at bev hot springs Tuesday afternoon  we chatted a little before I left   Was hoping to get your number but got very nervous. Tell me what I said  as I lefts so I know it's you.  Thanks    


... - m4w



Another poster mentioned a Jewel song, but I like this better.

"Hole in my heart"

youtu. be/kC5Sp2YdHYQ





I've fallen hard for you A.B.A. - w4m




There's something so amazing about you. I've tried to get over you and I can't. I want to be near you, but I can't. I can't think about anything but you. I don't know what to do anymore. I wish I could've told you how I really feel but you would think I'm crazy. I miss you.    


Missed Hellos at Trader Joe's - m4w



Hey girl!

I was intrigued from the moment you first blew past us in the parking lot. Moments later, I was a bit thankful to find you shopping in the same store. Superficial, I know, but: that light-brown face, thick & curly dark-haired mop, & tall lanky figure were all too hard to ignore.

Though I played the stoic, I couldn't help wondering the whole time we shopped if I was the only one fighting distraction. (I mean: few people can rock black-sock-footed-sandals like you did.)

Seriously, though: if you catch this posting, let a fella know I'm not crazy by answering the following:

About what time of day was it?
Can you describe me? (Body-type? Facial features? Clothes; hat or not?) 
Who was I with? (You *had* to notice her.)
What color were those sandals you had on?

Warning: I'm pretty ol' skool & am guaranteed to *not* be like most guys you meet -- which could be good or bad, depending on who YOU are. If that doesn't scare you off--and if you can answer the above--then I *promise* not to waste your time.

Buongiorno, Bella.    


Manchester By The Sea - m4w



Never done this before... fat chance this hits but here goes:

Los Feliz Theater. Concession line. You changed your mind and DID actually want that small popcorn. I entered the theater and chose the wrong row for no reason and hesitated to turn around to ask you if anyone was sitting next to you because I thought you were really cute. But I asked. You said no. I couldn't believe it. I moved seats. We shared a laugh when a couple took my previous seat almost immediately. "Suckers." You had an adorable laugh. I should have offered you some M&Ms. Damn. I may have caught you crying during one scene. And if you saw me, that was just an eyelash that fell into my eye, i swear. I regret watching you leave the theater without saying "hi". You made a good movie great.

If by some crazy luck you find this, respond with what you were wearing so i know it's you.    


Pregnant girl at the mall - m4w



Hey, I saw you today waddling thru the mall in west covina, wearing a tight pink shirt stretched over your pregnant belly. You looked to be pretty far along, and were absolutely gorgeous. You definitely caught my eye but I don't know if you noticed me... if so, send me a message :)    


Christian - Vons Cashier by Palos Verdes - m4m



I shopped there just now (1-2-17) around 10:29pm. FUCK HE'S SO HOT!!!

if you're Christian, hit me up 702 six three zero 7724.  I wanna suck you DRY!!!!




Beefy Latino guy with a beard at WI SPA on Sunday, 1/1 - m4m




You were the beefy Latino guy there in the late afternoon on Sunday 1/1. You had a beard, tattoo on your left arm, and wore a blue towel/wrap around your waist at first. You also had a key on your wrist for your locker

Made eye contact with you a few times
White guy here, good looking

Would love to spend some time with you or chill at the sauna sometime    


Matcha green tea on Abbott Kinney - w4m



I was grabbing tea today at the Matcha Green tea store on Abbott Kinney... You walked in tall, long blonde hair black jacket and black vans... I just melted... We made eye contact a few times and I felt this exchange of energy between us.. You were with a girl but you two were not holding hands or seeming to talk or be affectionate at all... I'm hoping you see this and I'm hoping she's your sister ... If she's not I'm hoping that you're hoping to be newly single soon... That is the vibe I picked up on... Just know if you walked in alone I would have walked right up to you no hesitation.  I was the tall blonde girl with a jean jacket Black hat and black boots..
I'm insanely attracted to you.. Hoping you'll see this    


Century Spa Monday - m4m



We sat together upstairs, took a while to get things going.  I finished, but we got interrupted before you could.  You asked to see my ass and then lick your balls.  Would like to try again without getting interrupted.  I think you were with a hot buddy, too.  I saw you both in the large hot tub and then again in the locker room as I was leaving.  I'll know it's you if you tell me what I said about my shoulder.  Hope you find this.    


Latino MAN at gas station San Fran and Spunky - m4m



Man I would love to massage you then blow you.  Send me your pic if your interested and I'll know you are too.    


looking for jinhee from ktown - m4w



I know this is a shot in the dark but whatever. I'm looking for an old friend from ktown, jinhee. I used to call you jinbo, wtf ever happend to u? if by any chance u do find this, dont be a stranger    


Tatted up waiter at  Spitfire - m4m



Perfect height and build....great man bun...beautiful sleeve on one arm....and a beard!  I tried to make as much eye contact as possible and I think I made you feel a bit uncomfortable.  You may be completely straight but I would be down for some no strings attach fun...let me know    


Bergamot Art/Fashion Design gallery - m4w



I was wearing a grey brim, a clean shaven face, and a black jacket. You were a deliciously curvy blonde.

There wasn't really an opportunity to speak. Shall we?




Guy with sweatpants heading to gym - m4m
I've been missing you - w4m



I've been thinking about you everyday.

I just read it in another post: the whole in my heart has the shape of you.

I have been dating someone. Maybe he will take your place eventually.
I know you now have someone who has no idea she is being just used for comfort and convenience.




grozny - w4m



Happy New Year. I think about you every single day still and I'm scared that I won't ever be able to stop. I know that it's all a stupid predictable fantasy but it doesn't seem to help. I wish I had brought it up while I still had the time, because in the long run it would have helped to have the fantasy dismantled. But if you had brought it up, I probably would have left and never come again. I hope you think about me too but I doubt it. I have only one of you, and I'm sure you have already seen at least a dozen of people like me, who take kindness from you and don't ever give anything in return. I wish I had paid more, I wish I had been able to ask you questions (boundaries, it would have been inappropriate, I know). I know absolutely nothing about you, except for the handful of things that I remember and hoard. I have no idea how you really felt about me (irrelevant, you didn't have any feelings either way, I know). I hope that I was an easy person on your plate. I hope you knew on some level that I was attracted to you, and that I was deeply grateful that you never flinched at me or seemed disgusted. I know that you were just doing your job, but you could have done a way worse job and it wouldn't have mattered. I don't know when I'll accept that I will never see you again. Hopefully I'll start forgetting all of it this year. Thank you, and see you never.    


Cliffs of ID belayngel



You're cute. I was with my brother and cousin from Pennsylvania. This is awkward...who uses missed connections anyway?    


Long chat in the hot tub on Jan 1 ~ 5pm - m4m



You were the adorable guy from Staten Island that I was talking to in the hot-hot tub for almost 2 hours. I'm the half-Asian guy with the deep voice. We were going to exchange numbers, but I went to say hi to my friend, and by the time I looked for you, you were gone.

I hate that I have to resort to this, but you were too interesting and cute not to try something. Hopefully I'll run into you again.    


Bartender at Trejos - mw4m




You're  the young bartender at trejos cantina in Hollywood .  Maybe you're from the Midwest? ;-)
I came for lunch twice already. I am a straight guy and I think that you are also. You seem like a cool guy to hang with.  Very discreet here.  Hope you find this post. 




The hardest thing was saying "no" - m4w



To lose someone you love is to alter your life forever. You don't get over it because 'it' is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. How could it? The particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. This hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. Why would I want them to?
By.
Jeanette Winterson



Red Volvo flying down I5 from Panoche Rd. to the Grapevine - m4w



Hi,

New Years day - I was the guy with the red baseball cap and black t-shirt on at the gas station right off of I 5 at Panoche Rd. I was driving my buddy's beaten up Honda. You were driving a red hatchback Volvo way too fast. We spent an hour and a half circling each other on the highway and then you got off. I slowed down a bit and you caught up to me when we reached the grapevine about an hour later.

We rolled down our windows - I tried to yell hi and get your name, but got drowned out. You got off at highway 126 I think. Castaic Junction. The road to Ventura. I slowed way down hoping you'd catch back up, but it got dark and I made it home to Silver Lake. 

If you find this, send me a description of leaving the gas station and the car I was in.    


German Shepard - m4m



I can't stop thinking about your pup. I hope he is ok. If anyone knows if he is ok I would love an update. Thanks.    


Dear God take him, take them, take anyone... - m4w



Ooh, a working-class face glares back
At me from the glass and lurches
Oh forgive me, on the street's I ran
Turned sickness into, popular song
Streets of wet black holes
On roads you can never know
You never have them
But, they alway's have you
'Till the day that you croak
(it's no joke)
Ooh, a working-class face glares back
At me from the glass and lurches
Oh forgive me, on the street's I ran
Turned sickness into unpopular song
And all these street's can do
Is claim to know the real you
And warn if you don't leave
You will kill or be killed
Which isn't very nice
Here everybody's friendly
But nobody's friends
Oh, dear God when will I
Be where I should be?
And when the Palmist said:
"One Thursday you will be dead"
I said "No, not me, this cannot be,
Dear God, take him, take them, take anyone
The stillborn,
The newborn
The infirmed,
Take anyone
Take people from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Just spare me!"

Songwriters: 
MORRISSEY, STEVEN PATRICK/TOBIAS, JESSE ALEJANDRO
"On The Streets I Ran"    


L... - m4w



So it's only Day 2 and I'm breaking my NYE resolution not to go on here.

That collar, though!!!    


Shannon's New Years Day - w4m



Your name is Ross and I met you at Shannon's on second street in Long Beach January 1st. We spoke for at least an hour and I kept complimenting you on your hair. :) I look forward to hearing from you.    


Like showing your cock? Freeballing? - m4m



PLEASE READ ALL

Whittier has alot of hot guys with nice bulges. Everytime I walk around time all I want to do is tell these guys "let me see your cock". Haha. 
I'm starting a blog of guys in the whittier area and neighboring cities that are willing to send me pics and videos of their cocks. DON'T NEED TO SHOW YOUR FACE. So don't worry about discretion; that's all on you. 
If you're down to send me pics and videos Please do! Any info you can give me about yourself that I can upload with the pics/vids would be great. 

Straight guys, gay, bi, curious, married, bears, twinks, dudes, bros, jocks. All welcome. Public, private, car, park, boxers, jeans, montebello, Santa fe springs, brea, la habra, la Mirada, fullerton

Check out the blog. Just started do there isn't much to any posts yet Until people start submitting their cocks.

tumblr.
com
/blog
/whittier-area-locals

Any questions, please ask.
I'm 23, bi, fit and whittier local.
Please don't flag this post. Help me share and show off some hot local cock

(Not a post for meet ups guys)    


Tall Crew Athlete at 24hr WeHo - m4m



About noon on Monday at 24hr fitness in WeHo. You're the tall crew athlete doing pull ups and push ups. I am the muscular young guy right next to you on the cable machines. We exchanged a few glances. If you're interested, let me know what school you do Crew for?    


Cast Member at Disneyland New Year'a Eve - m4m



Was talking to you about an issue I had and you were super cute and super sweet!  This was right before the park closed and I loved how much you love your job!  Your name starts with A.  If you would like to hang out let me know!  Tell me where we were taking, your name, and where your name tag says you are from!  Thought there was a connection!    


Looking for Eddie from Belmont Shore - m4m



If it's you please respond to my message.

I enjoyed providing you body and foot massages. Would like to do it again.

Describe yourself so I know it's you...



Latin guy at Vons Fairfax and Pico - m4m



It was around 11:30 this morning.  We were both in the check out line.  We kept making eye contact as well as you smiling.  It was very busy with lots of other people waiting to check out.  This made it very difficult to strike up a conversation.  You were wearing a heavy dark grey.black jacket with medium length hair.  You are younger than me, but there seemed to be a connection.  I'm not sure if you were waiting to check out or if you work there.  Either way, I'd be interested in hanging out sometime.  Once I checked out, I went to my car and hung around for awhile in hopes of seeing you.  If you see this and interested in having some fun, let me know.  I live near the Vons.    


Rosa - m4w
Missed an ebony goddes at tire pro Lancaster today. She drive a Lexus - m4w



I saw you at tire pros Lancaster today

You have the same color cotton top and pants

You drive a GS Lexus sedan 

Your first name is tamisha

Please I'm really into you

Please reply    


Beverly Hot Springs - Monday afternoon - m4m



Had a great time with you although brief in the sauna.  Jerked off then had a great political conversation.  Would love to meet up again.    


Mr Furley's on NYE - w4m



We met at the end of the night outside of Mr Furley's bar. You smiled as I walked out, then I looked around the corner to smile again. We talked for a few, you  asked me and my friend out to eat and I gave you my number. My phone was dead, so I couldn't check if you texted me when you said you did. I was with a girl, my friend. If you didn't it's cool. Not sure if you got my number right.    


New Year's Eve at Century Spa - your name starts with a J - m4m



We fooled around two different times, and you shot your load both times.  After the second time you told me that I do that very well.  Let's you and I continue that, and I'll show you some more of my "talents."  

Tell me something so I know it's you.  Where did I say I lived?  You said that's what you wanted to say.  Lol.    


Across the checkout aisle - m4w



Sometimes it takes a crazy old yenta to get people to look up, but the eccentric older woman offering to hold my basket at Trader Joe's was not who I'd expected as my personal matchmaker. She started a conversation with me first, then you.  I'd noticed you humming along to the harmony of a John Mayer song a moment before, the pattern on your knees bumping to the rhythm, but I hadn't looked up to your eyes, "kind and open," the old woman commented as you spoke with the people in front of you.

My groceries couldn't get bagged fast enough as you smiled across the aisle and as you passed by and I said, "have a good one," my heart sank.

That was a mistake on my part. Big time.

I never write these. I'm all for the fleeting moment, if that's what it's supposed to be. I'm also pretty outgoing, not usually tongue tied. But when my thoughts ran out behind you in the parking lot and my footsteps followed and I searched to no avail, I knew I'd made a mistake in not asking you to wait up.

If you're crazy enough to search for this, and don't think I'm too crazy for writing it, you should probably reach out.

...I've never done this before and probably won't again. And as much as I wish I had just asked you out then, it would probably make, at the very least, a silly story were we to meet up.

Hope your flowers freshen up the room.    


Gold's Gym - m4m



I don't normally post this, but I guess why not give it a try?
We kinda looked at each other for couple times, and it'd be cool if we can be gym buddies.
There was at one point you were working out right next to me for 1 set and then I was working out behind you.

If you read this, tell me what I was doing at the gym and what I wore.
And also tell me what you were wearing and working on.    


Sioux Lakota indian - m4m



Looking to re-connect with a guy with the screen name Sioux Indian living in LA between 2005 and I last had contact with him in 2011.  I was chatting with you on yahoo messenger.   I'm the bear guy from MN.  I liked your long hair.  You were adopted.  I sent you a leather gift for Christmas one year.  Get back to me.    


Eagle a few weeks ago/month - m4m



Maybe over a month ago I was at Eagle on a Tuesday night.  We had a few beers.  Good conversation and some fun.  You gave me name and number but dude, I can't find it in my phone.  Blame it on the alcohol.  Shot in the dark that you will see this and remember.  Tell me what we did after and where you are from...I also remember what your doing for work now...give me a clue I'll know it's you.    


Postmates guy in Sherman Oaks, picked up order at my restaurant - m4m



Hey man, doubt this will work, but you seemed like a real cool dude from out brief conversation while you were waiting for your order. I am not looking for anything sexually, not into that. Just looking for a bud and seemed like you would be cool to hang with. If you have to come across this, be cool to hear from you. This was around noon on January 1st. We both are athletic dudes.    


guy on red line train 325pm 1/1 coming in to union station - m4m



I was standing with my back to the exit door as we slowly rolled into union station. You got up and stood in front of me, looking straight into my eyes. We laughed at that stupid family coming back from the game, with the obnoxious dad doing a really lame Chris Walken. I was on my way to a harpsichord concert in Pasadena and had to run to catch the gold line ("Death metal?" you asked. "Baroque," I replied.) and you were going to county usc. You looked about 20, tall & skinny, swarthy, short dark hair, big brown eyes: totally dreamy...    


SeXyMaNaLiVe7 -



You were living in a motor home

You were a private investigator

Anyone know him, please respond to me

he is a white guy and had a son with a black woman    


Ladera Heights Ralph's Market - w4m



I was walking in the Ladera Heights Plaza Center parking lot to go into The Ralph's market on Thursday evening after work around 5/6pm. I had on a mesh button down black top that showed my shoulders and was long in the back with forest green shorts and black sandals. As soon as I walked in I headed towards the vegetable section and was getting a bag of carrots & some lettuce. Heading towards the end of the back section of veggies I noticed you from my peripheral vision. Your back was turned getting your bag of veggies with some food from the deli already in your hands. You had on your business attire on looking like you just came off from work yourself .. I recall you had on black slacks and a light blue/white button up collar shirt on with a black tie and black shoes. You was maybe between 5'7-5'9 African American with medium skin tone and you had a killer smile and a nice low fade shape up hair cut. Couldn't see any tattoos or tell if you had any piercings. But you had my caught my eye immediately. We crossed paths you were heading to continue shopping as I went towards the fruit section with my son. Maybe you recall he was fair skin and he had on a green uniform school shirt on with grey pants. Heading to checkout line putting my groceries on the stand I had dropped my wallet out from my purse and as I stood back up I just happened to look towards the cashiers way behind me and there you were paying for your groceries in the next two lines over. We instantly locked eyes again staring at each other smiled then you proceeded to pay since you had less then what I was waiting to pay for so there was no chance to catch you as I watched you leave you actually decided to exit at the end of the store so you could pass my isle . We locked eyes once more smiled and you winked at me and you walked out the door my heart sank knowing that was the last instant second of my life I would ever see you again!!!! I felt like something could of sparked if only we were permitted to speak or exchange numbers since we both saw no evidence of any ring of marriage so the hope of singleness lured in my head and possibly yours too! 

Just when I thought I'd never see your face again walking out the market with my shopping cart back to my car ... Just as I hit the street towards the parking lot there you pull up to my right of me watching me cross in front of you while your in your black car pumping music. I wish I could say I know what kind of car it was you was driving in but locking eyes again for those last few seconds literally felt like a lifetime .., I wish I would of stopped and walked up to your window or you turn my way and ask for my number but our eyes followed each other until you passed me and you blew me a kiss. The suspence of what it kills me because who knows if you were waiting for me to make a move. We will never know I'm hoping you will find me but if not my attraction to you will never be forgotten it felt too real. Crazy to feel such a strong connection with a complete stranger like they could be your soul mate but I'm just glad I had the seconds to even lock eyes with your handsome self!!!!! 


Maybe this will better my chances of you finding me so if by chance you see this reply by telling me ( who was pushing the shopping cart or what color was my purse or what kind of shoes did I have on my feet .. And was I walking with another man and/or a woman ) 



Walmart Santa Clarita - w4m



Monday the 2nd around 11:30 in the morning: Hi, we were standing in the same checkout line. Then I left. You seemed quiet and looked good. I like the outfit you had on. I got shy, should have stayed and talked. Reply with what we were both wearing and describe what I look like pls.    


Gabriella in Sherman OAKS! BERNIE! - m4w



I told you I would write this!
email me back!

Would like to talk to you!

About Bernie and your tattoos!

"Edge, play the blues"!











Read this, for your safety & your loved ones. Important!!



See my picture, my name is Rosemary Longoria or Rosemary Banuelos or Rosemary Rrandll or Rose Longoria or as they call me on the streets "Chucky". I like to beat up sick, with cancer and going thru chemo, older people so I can steal their money to buy drugs, all the while tell them I love them to try to get them to marry me so I can get their pension when they die. I beat them up till they have to go to ER. When they are there I steal their key and car and leave them stranded there while I go out and party. But most of all I like to take their wallet and keys and phone off their dead bodies. So I can get into your house and take whatever I want, tho I don't live there, I'll squat it as long as I can drag it out. And I won't even tell your family you've died til I've got most the valuables out of your house. This is who I am, this is what I do. And when I haven't got my way after they die cuz their family stepped up then ill post fake craigslist ads for sex and free cars with your families phone numbers and addresses in them. Why? Because this is who I am, this is what I do.  

This was written in the third person intentionally, I'm not impersonating anyone just warning the world of this person, in hopes that no one else would have to deal with this person on top of the death of a family member. Beware.    


Starbucks Studio City - m4m



Met the nicest barista / cashier there today, Wednesday Dec 22 with a letter name.  I sorta messed up my order and I think that I pissed off the female barista, oh well. But I hope that he, the cashier didn't get in trouble.  

I was the only one dressed athletically, if you can tell me what I was wearing, because I noticed you looking at me (we smiled) then that will tell me that you saw this...a long shot (5 to be exact) I know.    


you're a pirate allright - m4w



You blew my heart to smithereens with the volleys of buckshot you fired from your tongue and when you just up and sailed away that one night not so much as a word or shot fired off, it sunk me........Then again I have found out you've been sailing away and with others for far longer then I knew even before that event you had flipped out about so much in September......I need to hit the dry dock, in serious need of repairs but it didn't kill me and my flag shall wave again......I wish it had worked out better for both of us and I am sorry for my part, I truly am and you did make me better for the most part. Sad but I learned some valuable lessons. I love you, I'm just the type of person that always will once I throw my heart out to sea. And if you showed up two years later needing help.....I'd be there for you, dunno if I'd ever be with you again though, your rather surprising ability to abandon me so seemingly easily, I still don't know how you were even able to kiss me and put hands on me that day is something that truly scarred my beautiful image of you. Bloody mess you left behind. No hard feelings though, maybe a little but there's a sense of morbid satisfaction knowing i can pick myself back up, slowly albeit, from such devastation and become stronger for it. Hope you find what you want, and have a great year miss, and say good fucking bye to the next one, it's pure murder to feel that feeling you left me with. You meant the world to me and I am sorry I did not show it more, I never cheated whatever you want to believe. Had no idea you'd give me the kiss of death that morning though, I had some of the best times with you and thanks for indulging a salty old bastard like me when you did. I really wish you hadn't tainted the attraction now though......off to the next horizon I suppose. May the wind be behind your sails and the pirate blood wash off your decks easy. Stay beautiful, you're a pretty great person just not when you hold a grudge for 2 years. Goodbye, and I really am glad you were born.    


Come Round - w4m



Love you more 
A little each day 
Things didn't go 
The way we planned 
Thought I gave you all 
I had 
Spending my days without you 
Would have been happy not sad 
Hold you up 
Lift you down 
Make you come 
Until you come round.    


rowena uriarte - m4w



Looking for the person in the title. I don't know if you are still around the area, but I do miss what we had. You have 2 kids. Gabby and Brandon. I have a daughter... Delilah. We met here many years ago. Long shot but worth the try. Just with the info given... There should be no doubt who I am and whom I am looking for.    


Eye contact at Bestia New Years Eve - m4m



You were having dinner with your wife dressed in a suit. We made eye contact several times during dinner. Super discreet here and prefer married men. Got a place on the west side for discreet encounters. With friends so didn't say anything to u at valet. Tell me what color suit u were wearing.    


Man adjusting himself in bathroom mirror - m4m



I saw you yesterday, January 1 right around 9PM in the men's bathroom at city walk. You were checking yourself out in the mirror behind me. I was washing my hands and caught you adjusting your crotch.

You were tightening your sweat pants and kept untying them and pulling the waist band away from you. 

I was staring at your bulge and I'm sure you saw me. I smiled st you in the mirror. 

I walked over to the other sink and you followed me and got a little closer and again showing off your bulge. 

As I walked out of the bathroom I snuck another peek at your crotch. I liked the show man. And it was pretty crowded in there.

So hot man. If you like showing off I love watching and joining.

Hit me up if you live close by and want to find a spot to show off together.    


Starbucks - Giving each other eye - m4m



You just came through the Starbucks I was at. You weren't alone, but we were making a lot of eye contact when the guy you were with wasn't looking. I wanted to pass you my number, but the coast was never clear.

Tell me what you were wearing and something about me, so I know it's you. I'd love to see more man.    


Guy working out with tights...LONG DICK - m4m



To that one dude who always works out with black Nike tights...DAMN. You have a long dick that I can see through those tights. You're a tall lean/athletic white dude with tattoos. Masculine discreet bi dude here, if this is you, hit me up!    


Study man in black Audi  convertible - m4m



Seen you a few times now. Your really handsome
  You drive a black Audi. With Santa Monica dealer plates. I would love to meet you.  
   If this find you reply back wirh what part of stevensons ranch you were parked at last night and early this morning.  



GIRL oN THE BUS, 187 - m4w



Hi
All I can say, is
WOW!!!!

HOpE YOU SEE THiS!
I wish I would have spoke up
You know who you are    


any gay or curious guys go to equinox south bay?



so many hot guys around the gym. 25 year old white slim/fit guy here. hit me up if interested    


SM Resource Recovery and Recycling driver - m4m



I'm in Santa Monica.  We've been eyeing each other for a long time.  Today we gave each other a really good look as you were pulling into and out of a certain long driveway.  

I'd like to meet you.

P.S. great haircut for the new year



mcdonalds on foothill - m4m



Late Sunday night. You: handsome young guy, gorgeous black skin, sitting in a booth. Me: pasty old white guy. Asked if you wanted to have some fun. I really wanted to suck your cock. No strings. Maybe try again? I'll make you feel good.    


"D"at Apple - m4m



I came in tonight and you first helped me, we share the same name and you told me what you and where you went for New Years Eve. Hope you see this and respond with details, don't mean to be weird but I would like to chat and maybe go grab lunch or movie maybe both.    


Gorgeous Young Bi-Sexual looking for some fun - w4w



Hey ladies,

I just got back to town and I'm looking for someone to meet up with to have some drinks and converse.

I'm bi-sexual and very attractive. I want to meet someone who I like to spend time with and be extremely attracted to. I've only been with a woman one time but had a boyfriend and never did it again. I'm lonely and hoping to find someone who wants to experiment with me.

Have to be beautiful, intelligent and hard working. Attach pics with response or I won't respond. no men. 



Sexy woman at san Dimas bowling - m4w



You were bowling a few lanes over. You were so cute. Hit me up. You were with a guy but didn't seem like you were together.    


Nick are you out there... - w4m



This is by far the silliest thing I have ever done.. But I think of you a lot and regret we never went far because of me... I miss you dearly... Lets refresh your memory ... We met a couple years ago through mutual friends.. You tall vanilla me averge height chocolate lol.. The last time we had a strong connection was after my performance in Sherman Oaks... We went to a party with my friends... You were the life of the party and I guess I never gave you all of me because of so many distractions at the time... Last clue we are both affiliated with the underground music world and you rap... I know your out there and I want to show you I'm the woman for you... I will not give my name but the last letter is e...;)  Last hint my dad is famous and you battled rymes with him in the past    


My New Years kiss - w4m



We were each other's New Years kiss on the smoking patio of the globe theatre and I unfortunately didn't see you again, but I definitely thought about you. Hopefully we meet again.    


Abercrombie looking stud at Wi Spa on New Year's Day - m4m



You walked into the wet area in the late afternoon around 4-5pm
Had your robe on and then put it in on the side when you realized everyone was naked
You were a stud- beautiful body and face, in your 20s, white guy
Was that your first time there?
Hit me up if you want to meetup or hangout with someone the next time you go



Coco's Restaurant Christmas - m4w



Chance Encounter-Following a drive around town trying to find a restaurant that was open and did not a long waiting line, with family we decided to try our luck at Coco's Restaurant on Sunday Dec. 25 around 12-1 pm, we were assigned seating to 2 booths by the window, soon after getting our orders taken, I noticed a group seating to the center in 2 tables, everyone was dressed for the occasion, it was about 5 minutes later that I was drawn to one very attractive well dressed female, sitting to my left, You sitting almost facing me, I was on your left side, diagonal I could not keep from looking at you from time to time, I noticed you in a skirt your pose showed elegance and confidence, I assume you noticed I would glance at you and was caught, it was one of those moments where you could read it in each others eyes, I am checking you, and You caught me checking you, and I looked away, then again later  you caught me. when our party started leaving your group, got up as we were exiting, but not before I could see for one last time your sexy curvy figure.
If you should happen to come across this by some divine intervention, a
 and would like to explore this further, let me know, I still remember what you wore or tell me what I was wearing, might be an unforgettable experience, btw Happy New Year.    


Please  follow me - w4m



There is this beautiful song, Josh Groban, Please Follow Me.  The refrain says "and if I walk away, Please follow me".

I can't break free of my connection to you. I try to connect with others and I can't. Even when I move 1300 miles away, I am not free.  The worst is that you couldn't just love me and make it clear to the rest of the world, flaws and all, you loved me.  You should have married me. 

I hate the you who didn't think I was worth it. The you that cared more about what they thought than me.

So I guess when I say I can't, I will now.  Too bad......no one loved you like I did.    


Downtown long Beach NYE - m4w



Looking for a beautiful and smart woman I meet by a stage we danced with your friend we ended up talking in the barbershop can't remember if I gave you my number or you gave me yours.    


Andre A - w4m



There's something about you that makes me feel like you're meant to be in my life. I don't know in what capacity but I would like to be your friend. I enjoy talking to you & could listen to you for hours. I miss seeing you.    


batering for ride to Hawthorne - t4m



I need to go to Hawthorne I'm a trans. Very sweet . I'm pretty I really just need to go home I'm a blond Egyptian and Mexican. Thank you so. Much




Salts cure - man with pitbul - m4m



We were having brunch at Salts Cure today. I was with friends and you were with a young lady and your pit bull. Our eyes met as though we knew each other from another time, as though we were strangers cut from the same cloth, as though we knew of Angels and their good deeds, as though we knew too much to speak of and so we danced in brief gazes.  And as I began to leave,  you made your way to the restroom and I To my uber...piling in with friends and regret.    


Security guard noise complaint - m4m



After you took care of the noise issue, we talked outside my door.  You have worked in my building for years -- I'm pretty sure you are straight, but I've always wanted to suck you off.  I almost invited you in today but chickened out.  Interested?
Tell me your initials or my apartment number in your reply.    


Looking for Manuel - m4m



We hooked a couple times at my place., You were young HOT Latino We lost contact when the email we were using expired.  Your name was Manuel, although I think you went by Manny.  Would like to hang out again like we did before if you're up for it.  We used to meet at the Arco near 405 and come back to my place in Winnetka.    


40 year old woman from urban outfitters - m4w



i was at urban outfitters in del amo a week or two weeks before christmas and you came up to me saying how you were the same age as the price of one of the shirts $39.99, well i didn't get your name and you were so beautiful i can't stop thinking about you    


lost in translation - m4w
Uber Carpool Line DTLA-818 - m4w



Friday Night. You were riding shotgun while I sat in the back. Headed back to the Valley. You were coming back from L.A. after watching the UFC fight. You had a unique name.

Let me know what we spoke about so I know it was you.    


TRICKS AND SPELLS



hope you had a nice new years eve i would of stop by but didn't want to mess things up for you and yours like i did last year with the pipe in the ear trick any way i saw our friend Henry his dad passed away and he said he found a new cave by the cabins and we should check it out sometime the snow didn't make  to saints place just rain well maybe i will stop by and see you if its ok have a great new year  LOVE YOU LOTS    


LOOKING FOR SABINA - 1980's WEST HOLLYWOOD - m4w



German girl blonde hair...Sabina managed apartment bldg 1207 Horn Ave....I was her neighbor and we dated...this is legit, I'm not a stalker...we were really good friends and had great times together....I wanna see how she is doing.    


Let's party - w4m



Just looking for a good time;] $$$ I'm real no fakes please text or call nine0nine 3 four zero nine 8 five 8    


Dec 31st, Macy's Downey.   Upstairs - m4w



We talked in line for a bit....thought we hit it off, but I let the moment pass.  Maybe we can talk more?


You work in westchester    


Equinox Gym Men's Locker Room - m4m



Today, Tuesday Dec 27 around 12:15 or so. I first saw you coming out of the shower area where you re-wraped your towel exposing yourself in front of me.  WOW!  It was all I could do but walk over and ask for your number then and there.  

Then you were getting dressed directly across from me in the middle section as I was changing out of my cycling shorts.  Nice body you have and handsome face.  We exchanged a few glances but instead of being total perv on both of our parts, I think we kept it cool.  You dressed in jeans, white tee, simple white sneaks and carried a bag but not your usual gym bag.  What was the bag?    


The Barrel - w4m



New years eve I dont remember what happened the last thing I remember you were playing pool. you were tall , and I sang karaoke. if you get this please reply. I have long brown hair and was wearing a long dress    


harbor freight - m4w



Pretty, tall, thin, red hair, cashier. We spoke once 2-4 months ago, you commented on my polo shirt with an NFL team, we like the same team. You shared some details about your living sitiuation and seemed overly nice. Due To my NFL team you held up he line, downloadaed apps and helped me save a lot of money. You seemed flirty but I assumed it was your nature. I should have asked for your number.  

Today I was there again, I was happy to see you working, another checker called me to her line, I swore I heard you said, "Hey I was waiting for him".... the other girl felt bad and you took another shopper. 

If you read this, and you can tell me the NFL team we both like, or describe me at all, send me a photo even...... I'd love to get to know you better. You make me smile every time we talk. I'd like to get to know more about you, and see if we make good fit....    


Great Room - m4m



Nice to meet you Arman and great chatting with you about our heritages.  Would be nice to get to know you better.    


want s  met me again - m4m



hey I met you yesterday by 11 am a 1350 spa in Wilmington you are black man and suck my dick so good to finis in your face I suck you to but no come I m latin man suck In tree areas and end in the boot if wants met me let me no any day morning time you are like late 20s or if some one wants play let me no I m free from 8 to 1 30 pm ok    


Silverlake New Years Fcuk Party - m4m



hoping to reconnect with hot tiny cocksucker throat. You were the hot milker boy who showed me fam pics. I need more. What were you wearing...Hot hot Hot



Fits So Perfectly



+ Only 1 place that we'd both know well
+ A block's proximity to a recent spell
+ 101 is wicked flo
+ Monday Horrorshow




Bubba Gump Universal employee - m4w



You work at Bubba Gump at Universal, you have dark hair, blue eyes, some tattoos on your arms and are extremely sexy.  I'd love to talk to you.  Tell me what you were wearing at work New Years Eve during the day and I'll know it's you.    


High Park Park



I was watching you watch me. Smoking 'w' on the main path. Balsy move. You wanted to ask for a light, or were you just paranoid? Good climn. I would love to "test your reflexes" while high.    


Sonic Boom



To the awesome girl we&aring the fox ear hat. Bonus points for the co'balt0 lipstick. IImpressively: Can no one can stare you down? You seem like you'd be great for cvards.    


French in Los Angeles - m4w



Hello, happy new year ! French in Los Angeles, 36 years old. I looking for a naughty woman for tonight. I am waiting for your proposal. I speak a little English    


Eat Me, Drink Me



I was getting my student photo id taken. I had on the white Marilyn Manson t-shirt, you were in line checking out the slogan listed, or my breasts, either way.
You were wearing a black Halo 2 t-shirt and had a key ring clipped to your jeans. My pictures turned out exotic I must say. BTW is this little double sided silver key very important?    


Re: The Plaid Factory - w4m



I was wearing the red hiking boots and a the white t-shirt with the WWF panda on it, a white kneelenght skirt with red hearts and black stockings with red roses up and down the sides. Blue-headphones. Black hair.    


Sprouts on La Brea new year's morning - m4w



You caught my eye in the produce section around 10:45 am on a quiet new year's morning at Sprouts, and we shared a smile in line as you were checking out. And what a sweet smile.    


Betsy (?) from Pour Vous - m4w



We made out at midnight and for a while after that. Then we got on your party bus and were party bussed to I'm not even sure where. Upon exiting the vehicle I promptly threw up, peed, and realized I was essentially incapable of basic human function. I ubered back home and put a frozen pizza in the microwave. I fell asleep before the pizza finished cooking. Thanks for a good New Year's!    


W4W - w4w



Looking for a woman to be my friend on the street and my freak in the sheets... This doesn't include just something casual, but a real connection and maybe a friend for life. I'm not "out" yet, so discretion from the other person is a must and this person is ok with it. If you think you can be that person, feel free to message me. I'm Latina, 30, and bbw. No men or bi females plz!!!    


Orange Line Rider - m4w



Do you ride the L.A. Metro Orange Line bus to your destination? Would it be more convenient to have an easy going friendly guy meet you at one of the Orange Line park-and-ride stops and give you a ride to your final destination? (If, after we meet at the stop, you change your mind you could catch the next bus).

And, while I drive you to your destination we could have a conversation and get to know each other better. I have a flexible schedule. Reply with any questions.    


HBSurf



Hello everyone my name is David. Im Huntington beach on Doncaster drive. Call me seven one four seven five six five eight two    


Fun In The Sun



Hello ladies his name is David. He is a fat lying bastard in Huntington beach on Doncaster drive. He is looking for women on Seeking Arrangement.  Here is his profile.    


HBSurf



Hello everyone my name is David. Im Huntington beach on Doncaster drive. Call me seven one four seven five six five eight two    


Uber pool guy from the valley to santa monica - m4m



We had the same mercedes car uber pool. We picked up a third guy from sunset and got lost for a bit. But told you you should bring your girl friend to the dive bar I was going to. Anyway, I didn't see you show up, but would love to hangout with you.



Good night, Love



And may you have the most wonderful year ahead.

With you and I seeing one another again too :)















-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    


Driving on Alondra Friday (12/16) around 7pm - Black Hyundai(?) - - w4m



We exchanged a few looks and smiles, you were driving a black Hyundai and had the most amazing brown eyes and warm smile. (And a bald head:).

It seemed you wanted to give me your number? 
We were kind of driving fast... 
in case you are interested and read these... tell me what car I drove and will take your number.

Hope to find you, it was such a fun few minutes:)
Never loved Friday evening this much:)    


Corrine,  Perry Jr High 1987 - w4w



Corrine, you probably don't look at these ads. I have thought of you for many years. We used to be best friends back in Junior high. You have a younger sister and baby brother. Your dad was a police officer. You lived in Torrance.  I was hurt when you ended up transferring schools and going to North high. 

If you do read this it would be nice to hear from you.    


Trayvon we known each in the 1980's - w4m



This is probably a long shot. I lived at  W. Queen St. Inglewood in the 80's, In the back duplex with my mom.

The picture is of the apartments you were living in with your mom.

We met many years ago as kids. I was a couple years older than you. I believe you were 6-7 years old when we first hang out. This would of been probably 83 or 84. We were friends for a few years. 

I have not thought about you in years. I was really hurt one day when you told me your mom said you could not hang out with me anymore because I was too old. 

You probably will not see this. I wished I remembered your last name. I don't know if you remember any of this with it being many years ago. You were my friend and it really hurt losing your friendship back then.

If you do see this Trayvon it would be nice to hear how you are doing. I hope you are doing well.    


Short dark beard - m4m



Sat 12/31. We had a brief but definite moment around noon today, over near the books section as I was walking past. You were talking to someone. You - well, the beard, burly but fit I'd say, younger than me, maybe mid-30s. Me - very short S&P hair, dark stache, short silver scruff, around 6'-0"/215. 

Interested in more if this is you.    


Die Manniquin



I wasn't there for you. I understand you feel disenchanted. I don't even know what I missed. The thing that distinguishes your charm is that you can read right through me at the best and worst of times. But what I miss the most are the quiet moments that bind, where you hand me the power to cast my spell over your heart just one more time. While I search for words to pull you my way again, I love the way you ignite my soul by just being yourself. Though we're so far apart I dare dream, that tomorrow it might be just you and me. Love you, roblox.    


re:re: my powers of observation - w4w



How sad that you don't understand the language of love in translation to ENG from it's original divinity.
Good luck on your crusade for world peace.    


Re: SG54



I imbody lust. I mine for silver tho.

Some required information is missing or incorrect.
Please correct the fields marked in red:    


How do you - m4w



Lately I've been thinking of your soft skin by the light of our early evening sun on that afternoon between the dock and the Island Ferry. That which you said to me by the playground was heart-stoppingly distressing. I've thought about ways to contact you with my somehow new found clarity but I wonder if you would suffer to be dispossed of your most treasured latent article even at my harried insistence. I think there was something you wanted to say, in the way to you flickered your eyes to the side, I'm familiar with that mannerism, but you chose to abstain. Interesting, why?

Notes/References: Bad Religion - The Empire Strikes First AND No Control    


Walnuts - w4m



You: Cleanshaven, dark grey cashmere trench coat, neatly geled hair. Frameless glasses.
In the no-frills parking lot. You were on your cell and had an inordinate amount of walnuts in your grocery buggy and took it that you were veg from the sticker on your bumper.
I walked by you and a spilled a tad of my my tim-hortons coffee as I tripped on a loose screw. Insufferable construction litter! Though it's not my regular flavour it's one of my favourites.
If you noticed me at all, meet me a cafe 668 for an almond dream and spring salad julienne.

Notes/References: The Offspring - Conspiracy of One AND Splinter    


Tsujita - Americana - m4w



You were working front desk at Tsujita last Friday night.  You were definitely the hostess with the mostess. Short dark hair with Middle-Eastern features.  I was the Asian dude with friend. We caught each other looking a few times.  Would like to meet you for drinks.    


SMART  & FINAL.  Tujunga - m4m



Hey buddy -  we just ran into each other at Smart and Final, Sat., 5:30pm. I 'd love to meet up for a beer and hang out with you.  We know each other from the gym. Send me a reply and I'll give you my number.  Peace.... Steven    


Long Dark hair - m4m



You delivered my pizza on New Year's Eve.  I peeked back out the door and down the hall,  you were looking back.  Damn your hot!  Tell me the name of my building,  and what floor I live on,  I'll know it's you.  I hope to hear from you in 2017.    


White jeep I fixed ur bumper just now - m4w



You were pulled over in the rain in front of my house, and I fixed your bumper....I didn't have my phone or any way of taking of your number, but wanted to give you mine...I though maybe you might find my post here...    


I hit you with the door on my way in - m4w



I hit you with the door  on my way in at the marijuana dispensary. I asked what was in your hand and you told me about your illness.Your name was called and you ran off. I thought you were beautiful. I hope we meet again.    


Seal Beach - Main Street - m4m



Every time I'm on Main St. in Seal Beach I see lots of good looking young guys and men in flip flops or sandals... each one with gorgeous feet I'd like to massage and play with.

If you happen to be one of these guys, with nice feet and need a foot massage and rub, hit me up.

Thanks for reading and hope to hear from someone. 

Nothing sexual, just a good foot rub and massage.



met over coffee, ended up on my knees for you - m4m



Was in LA in October and we struck up a conversation when sharing a table at Sbucks. Turned out we got into some very personal talk. You invited me to go with you to your business, you locked your office door and told me to get on my knees. You knew exactly what I needed, you talked very dirty to me as I serviced you with tongue and lips, front and back, until you told me I could stop. You were in your early to mid 50s and a take-charge type of man, nicely endowed but not huge, very verbal, not afraid to call me dirty names and tell me what I am. I am back in the city until later in January and would love to get together again. If this sounds familiar please drop me a note. I really need this, to be treated like that. Haven't had anything as good since we met. Please put Coffee in the subject so I know it is not spam.    


Veronica from Velvet Turtle - m4w



Does anyone know Veronica from the Velvet Turtle on Atlantic, maybe 25 years ago ?......She lived on Appleton near Cherry, had a boyfriend Gary who worked in one of the card clubs. We were very close friends and would love to see how she is doing ....................Thanks anyone if you have a heads up on her where abouts, could you tell her John from Appleton St was looking for her~I think she grew up near Magic Mountain, so if anyone knows of Veronica, or Gary...........................thanks so much !
Ill throw in a OutBack gift card with any info .
This is real, please put "Appleton" in your header...............




Broken Mirror Mercedes Jenn....Think LBC! Port..Beach... - m4w



You have no idea how bad I wish I could find you...cell phone covers...broken side mirror on your white mercedes...
I miss your big crazy blonde hair and that wicked but always sweet side as well.
I remember meeting you and your dog by the beach...I remember everything.
Busy as ever, but thinking of you.  I simply wish we were still in touch.
Always your fan...naughty and nice.  
Maybe this will find you!    


Starbucks Atwater M4M - m4m



You: Big bearded guy at Starbucks - I was wearing a hoodie, sitting with my friend. We made eyes. Let me know if you want to connect....    


Did anyone here hookup with a str8 blk man in a hospital? - m4m



He used to work there. I found him a little odd & wanted to share stories about him. Im pretty sure i wasnt the only one. That's it not looking to hook up. Anyways if you did mess around with him tell me which hospital? His description? What you did? Where at? His job? Answer 2 of the 5 questions & I will write back. Otherwise you will be ignored! Thank you :)    


How does the program works - ww4mw



For all business industries not just real estate.

100% financeable on all your deals.

what documents do I need with my application you ask

ask yourself small business do need a free marketing reprehensive.    


We met at Cost Co Lakewood - m4m



Made eye contact at front entrance at Cost Co Lakewood.  Met in line....I was with my brother.  you had one item in your cart, and we had one item on a flat cart...  What were they?  I'm a tall guy...You live close by.  Would like to meet again.  Let me know.    


Blond guy boxing at la fitness - m4m



Saw you today between ten and eleven am. At first when you were boxing and I was stretching and then in the weight room. We kept looking back and forth at each other. You were a blond body builder in his 20s with a green t shirt and gray and black shorts. I had dark hair and gray sweatpants. Hopefully you'll see this, if you do hit me up.    


You: small, mature European woman at LAX - m4w



You are a petite woman, and were waiting for a bus from LAX to Van Nuys on 12/29 around 5 pm.
You asked me about the bus, and I showed you the website, etc. I sensed an electricity between us, and I know that you did, also. Can't stop thinking about that moment as you watched me get into the limo and drive away. Wish I'd given you my number.  I'd love to speak to you again.    


Looking for Adam the Irish bartender... - w4m



this is the longest of the long-shots-  but who knows -  maybe you're bored today and felt like looking at CL.   You were working at a private party Monday 12/26 and we had a chat about my name (the gift :P)  I've been kicking myself for being too shy to ask more questions, and now I can't find you.   If you're interested -  I'd like to know more about you!    


I Shall Never Ride the Expo Again..... - m4w
99 Cent store - m4w



You worked as a cashier at 99  cent store on Orange and Carson, I haven't seen you there lately.  You brownish/ blondish hair, thin,maybe Hispanic, nice figure. You seemed to have a sad look in your eyes like life has beaten you up a bit. I tried flirting with you a few times but not much of a response. You probably had a lot of guys trying to flirt with you There is something about you that just wowed me.  Your what I would call a Classic beauty, think Sophia Loren, Claudia Cardinale type. Always thought you had the looks to be in Movies or TV.    


gave you flip flops to cover you feet in summer 2016 - t4w



hi I gave you flip flops and water when you needed it. it was in the summer 2016. I regret leaving and not giving you shelter :( I heard your name is cindy. I hope you can forgive me for leaving you there. I hope we can be friends. I live in santa clarita. I'm 32, trans, faith person, and nice. I know you've been through hard times from the word on the street and I'd like to be there. Pls write me let me know your okay and if we can have lunch somewhere in a public restaurant :) thanks. your truly, V. 




saw you at the end of 8/15 on Sunset blvd... - t4w



You had fleshy freckled cheeks possibly green/blue eyes and dark wavvy hair. you were also wearing hand me down clothing and was only minding your business on sunset blvd near guitar center and a eatery if I recall correctly. The key point is I was driving a white nissan and we made eye contact and I tried to turn around so I can talk to you but you left couldn't find you again. Believe your about 5'7 and are white. 

If this is you I think about you all the time . I hope your okay. Please write me back I'd be happy to get to know you . Thanks :)

Vic    


TUJUNGA - Laundromat. CUTE guy - m4m



Every so often I see some very HOT and cute men at the laundromat.  I'd love to meet one of them. I'm a professional man, live next door in LC. 5' 10'', 7.5 cut, cool, educated, hung and totally clean.  Fit- single- fun outdoorsy and an all-around manly- guy.  I am very playful and love to wrestle in the nude.  I have my own place and can host...the pic is me/current. Mark   



Nick Wechsler



Thanks for the inspiration. I see some of myself in you and it was comforting. I think the feeling was mutual. Funnily enough you might have confirmed something I've been thinking for a long time: if, on the rare occasion, I see a man and feel instantly and powerfully drawn to him I should probably stay away. These men are usually handsome, intelligent, funny, and more capable than most of breaking my heart. Lucky for me I wouldn't even be able to approach you if you fell in front of me-- but if you ever tumbled for me I'd probably laugh... a lot.

You know how to reach me if you want to. See you between dreams....    


i was walking and you waved then i dreamt this - m4w



You were serving me at a diner i was having coffee, the donuts were 1.29 roughly and i hadnt noticed until after i already started eating a few. When you stopped by to refill my cup i looked up and it was as if ive woken up, and you started talking. You were were something out of a different time. You talked about having some trouble with your car earlier, and i kept eating the donuts. You had medium longish brown hair, a beauty unlike any other, an a super sweet voice, and you talked of something else, what was it you talked about.    


Calico - m4w



Hi 
12/30/16 you were working the mining attraction at calico. 
You have a great smile and seemed easy to talk to and out going. Wanted to talk more but other people were coming in. The name tag you had on started with an N. maybe you'll see this and remember I was with my daughter and said next time we come up there we would look for you.    


Met you after hours inline at pavilions - m4m



What were you line to buy and what was our main topic was... and who I was with....
Where were you From also    


Looking for Jessie - w4m



looking for my friend have u seen him, blue eyes, dirty blonde hair wears a hat all the time glasses multiple tattoo,    


Bestia - w4m



I was there tonight sitting at the counter... you work in the kitchen... what did I look like?    


Locker 24 at Century Spa - m4m



Kept making eyes at each other, and chatted only briefly. I asked for your locker number so I could try to slip in my phone number. Not sure the piece of paper stayed put because I didn't hear from you. Hit me up if you see this.    


what's the hardest you've ever laughed? - w4m



i'd left new orleans early and alone, not wanting to waste any more time with a client that i wasn't in the right headspace to see anyhow. i spent half an hour walking through the sticky heat, sweating and sick after drinking earlier in the day and days prior as i had a lot around then- miserable and not sure where things were going to go next. not really caring. we'd spoken for an hour or two on the phone the day before, and i think i'd texted you again that morning- i'd said something at some point and turned my phone off after texting you. i wanted you to wonder too. my behavior was awful and manipulative. guilt had later gotten the best of me and thats when i'd texted back-

but not before i got to the bus stop. i saw a kid there, maybe 16, dirty long brown hair and an army duffle bag. he had a couple stick and poke tattoos of some punk band names on his arm. i sat next to him. he asked how i was doing, not as if he cared much but in the cordial southern way as people do down there. i told him how i was doing- shitty, you? my voice was warbly like a shy kid on the first day of school, thinking back on how rough the day was. he had his arms folded and was looking down. he replied with a fine thanks.

he asked if i was from there, and i told him no, and where i was from. he told me he was going home to north carolina but had been bussing&hopping trains from alabama to nola to north carolina a lot of his life. turns out he was 17, and had been squatting around the deep south because his parents weren't really around and his grandparents, who lived on an orchard in north carolina, didn't really care what he did as long as he was alive.

'do you like new orleans?' i asked him, and he told me he did. paused a beat. 'my friend od'd on heroin in a house down the street from here.'

i laughed. i felt terrible. i laughed so hard, and long. it was his delivery, it was why i had ended up at the bus stop, it was everything coming together in a moment of serendipity taking me over the edge and me laughing. not at him, not with him. i told him i wasn't sure why i was laughing and he kind of just looked at me and looked down again and that got me going again. i'm not sure why i laughed as a horrible thing to laugh after someone says it but it was how he said it. or something. reflecting on this now i hate myself for having laughed at that but i can feel the laughter in my stomach and chest and the relief it had given me, i laughed to tears, uncontrollably, real laughter that i hadn't been able to in months-

he wasn't upset thankfully.

i texted you then, and turned my phone off again.

we talked more. talked and talked. someone had given us an edible assuming we were in the same league of degenerates who take coach busses and we ate it and dozed off together through alabama, mississippi, all the way to atlanta. him and i stopped into a 24 hour cvs off peachtree and ate snacks in that little square, me telling off a crackhead in my wanna be tough northerner way and he dealing with the drunk and mentally unstable at the bus stop in his yes sir, no sir sweet and respectful southern way.

he got on the bus at 4am, i left at six. sometimes i think he's an angel.    


Juice guy in West Hollywood - m4m



hey, I was ordering a juice today, your smile melt my heart. you told me your name, I told you mind...if you out there, respond with your name....I hope you read this    


We chatted about my vintage army helmet... - m4w



Me: Green 2-door RAV4.
You: Silver Prius.

You asked about my helmet, and I talked about my student who gave it to me. I had just gotten to my joke about the upcoming administration when the car pulled up behind you. You had a great, easy-going laugh, and a friendly smile.

I should have asked for your number at that point. I live in S.F. (maybe you do, too, based off of the Santa Cruz sticker on your gas cap door?), but I'm down here with a fair frequency, visiting my parents, and I've got a nice place in Vallejo, too.

Maybe we start with coffee and a discussion over the relative merits of various armed forces' helmets as driving hats? Or we just make Trump jokes because what the fuck is going to happen in three weeks' time?    


Belasco show - m4w



Shot in the dark

You were the short girl with brown hair white top and black shorts you asked me when made in tko was going on, I didn't know. Saw you later sitting down outside the bathroom and told you to get up and dance. Would love to see you again.    


Pickwick bowl in burbank - m4w



I saw you tonight, you were with your dad and your sister. You were looking at me and I would look at you. Your name on the bowling game was Maral. If you see this text me 1(916) aisle 800 next 0260 to me    


ABF/ANR - m4w



WHITE MALE 64, SINGLE, STRAIGHT, 5'11", DDF, CLEAN , MONOGAMOUS
LOOKING FOR FEMALE ABF/ANR LOVER, DDF AND VERY CLEAN WHO IS CRAVING TO BE SUCKLED.PLEASE, SEND YOUR PIC WITH ANSWER.    


C frenz Thursday night bathroom show off - m4m



C frenz Thursday night, showing off at the urinal, fucking hot, you were Latin or Middle Eastern.    


LOOKING FOR SABINA - 1980's WEST HOLLYWOOD - m4w



German girl blonde hair...Sabina managed apartment bldg 1207 Horn Ave....I was her neighbor and we dated...this is legit, I'm not a stalker...we were really good friends and had great times together....I wanna see how she is doing.    


free sex - m4w



i want to fuck any type of girl plz email me to fuck for free im real so dont think im a spammer i dont care if u fat skinny old or young i just wanna fuck plz thnx    


Y gym - m4m



at the YMCA gym. you had a grey cut off shirt of your hs football team. let me know which team.
you were hitting back today, we left at the same time    


LAX Tuesday AM Delta Arrivals - m4w



Waiting at the bottom of the escalators, I was in my own world and I heard a voice go "Who are you waiting for?" 
Prettiest blonde girl with an amazing smile. I typically confident with woman but I was at a lose of words with you. 

We spoke for a bit while you waited for your mom to visit you while you're here in college and my friend both from SF flight. 

Long shot you'll see this but if so, tell me what college you're attending. 
I'd really like to meet you again, maybe dinner and a museum ?



clouds - m4m
CJ SPA NORTHRIDGE - CUTE LATINO - m4m



FRI JAN 30
YOU WERE SHORTER LATINO 
WE SHOWERED BY EACH OTHER A FEW TIMES
SPA/SAUNA
TOO BUSY TO CONNECT    


Santa Monica 3rd Street Promenade - NICE BAG! - m4w



I yelled "Hey, Nice Bag!" You responded, "I'm sorry." ...LOL 

You were super cute and  tattoos on your legs were freakin' HOT! Here's to hoping you see this and reply! Would love to get to know you!    


Midtowne LA, performer on 12/22 Thur - m4m



You performed at Midtowne downtown LA  Thur, 12/22. I think your name is Aarin. I was the first guy standing on right of the stage, trimmed beard and mustache,  and you walked around us, you grabbed my jewels and I liked it. I want you to know your smile was the only good thing that happened to me in 2016. I hope you read this and I wish I can see you again. Have a magnificent 2017.    


trader Joe's, cashier line, cool jacket - m4w



I asked you about your cool black jacket while in line at Trader Joes. You said you found it in Seattle. You said you are from San Diego but moved to LA to study journalism and for music. Said you went to Loyola Marymount university. You drove off in your aqua volvo and waved to me before I could talk with you more and ask you to eat with me and go on a walk.    


Goddess with "Betty Bangs" in all black at US Bank in Glendora - m4w



Today, Friday December 30th, between noon and 1PM I saw the most Beautiful woman that has ever walked the face of this earth. We passed eachother, you were coming in to the bank as I was leaving, we quickly glanced at eachother and I could not look away. I was mesmerized. You are simply stunning in every way. 

You were wearing all black, long dark black hair with the most perfect "Betty bangs" and of course, your smile...oh my god your smile made me melt.

I am the idiot who didn't take a moment to introduce myself. I was wearing a grey beanie, dark blue coat and black shirt/pants. (Stylish for sure lol) 

If you are reading this, I would love to have the opportunity to meet you, and get to know you. If you are married or otherwise involved with someone, I apologize and respectfully wish you nothing g but love and happiness in your relationship. 

I've never been stricken with this feeling simply by the sight of a pretty girl, there is something about you, and I want to know more.    


Shaved head diesel briefs at la fitness - m4m



Doubt you'll see this but I Saw you  in the sauna and end in the locker room, at la fitness round 2:45. You had a shaved head lite mustache and were wearing diesel briefs your ass barely fit into. Was putting my shoes and shirt on and u we're changing in the same area. Hit me up if you see this.    


This afternoon at the Starbucks on 190th in Torrance - m4w



This was today around 12pm at the Starbucks on W. 190th in Torrance (the one by HopSaint Brewery).  

I was dressed in business casual... pretty attractive dude with dark hair and athletic build.  I stopped in to grab a drink and to take care of some work for a few minutes... was seated next to you.   

You are a slender brunette and were dressed in black leggings and a black top... incredibly cute, a bit younger than me, studying diligently with your earbuds in. 

Same sob story as everyone else on here.  I should have said hello but I didn't, and now I'm kicking myself in the ass for it.  I caught you looking at me and I wonder if you are kicking yourself as well?  Perhaps not.  But if you are, just know that I'd love a second chance at hello!

I'll keep my eye out for you next time I stop by and promise to say hi if I see you again.  But if you come across this post before then, drop me a line... I'd much rather get this convo started sooner than later!  ;)



Car wash  Mandingo Muscle Sex - t4m



I was at car wash a few weeks ago.. wearing a short dress.. high heels..  I was cleaning out back of van and you came up and asked if you could help.. I said no.. I was fine.. but your cock was sticking out of your sweat pants.. Before I knew it.. You were using my throat for your own pleasure.. Then you said your buddy may be able to help out.. and he came over and pulled my panties off and slid his big throbbing cock inside of me.. You guys were in a Landrover.. Both muscular Black guys dressed nice and banging bodies with huge cocks.. We had  a good time and you left me with a big mess to clean up.. I can't stop thinking about you two..  I didn't want to give you my number cause of my BF but he doesn't do me the way you guys did.. so i want to try it again..  If you see this ad.. Please hit me up and let's have fun again..    


Cici's Cafe Ventura Blvd Breakfast - m4w



You were the cute Asian girls sitting in the table near the kitchen this morning. One of you was wearing a burgandy top/black jeans and another was wearing black pants/green shirt (?). I was sitting in the table to the side of you guys in the grey shirt/sweater. It would be cool to meet up for  some food and talk. Hopefully you see this!    


Im looking for a cuddle buddy - m4w



Hey there,

These cold evenings beckon a warm touch. 
So, I'm looking for a lady interested in being friends and satisfying this urge. 
This doesn't need to be sexual at all. But of course, I'm a single guy and if it goes beyond friends, I'm open to that as well.

Im a pretty caring, warm guy.
Im mixed, Hispanic, Caucasian and Asian. And I'm 34.
Im tall and Im in decent shape.
I also have my own place and can provide snacks and drinks!

If you're interested, please send me a pic and I'll do the same.



HOT Latin Guy On Whitsett - m4m



You're a super hot young Latin guy who lives on Whitsett. I blew you about a year ago. We were suppose to hook up again but it never happened. Would love to give another go around.    


Gorgeous eyes - m4w



You had gorgeous eyes and I told you that I was the blackjack dealer for your company party today at the Cicada Club so hit me up and we can hangout if your single    


My little secret (Incest) fetish - m4w



So this is my 1st post. I'm 26 straight half white/Latino attractive male. As the title says I have a fetish sense I was younger(from experience) nothing turns me on more than family love. If you wanna share stories or talk let me know. I'll send pics to those who are serious. I also can host this Am    


In the window - m4mw



Come join me...lets watch each other as the rain falls. Where am I?

I can barely see you...

I can host    


ALEXA WHERE ARE YOU?! CHICAGO? - m4w



Hey Blondie this is my last hope in finding you

We were married by him (God/Jesus) and you still won't come meet me up at the mall

I need you by my side(physically, not spiritual y!) To work!

Where are you!! Let's fly to Chicago together I won't fly alone!    


Handsome Kenyan Server at Avenue Grill - m4m



Should anyone read this that can help me out, I'd appreciate your assistance. Had dinner at the Avenue Grill on Christmas Eve and had a handsome Kenyan guy as a server. I believe he said his name was Martin but I'm not sure of that. I'd like to find a way to contact him to invite him for a drink or dinner. If anyone knows how I might reach him, I'm open to suggestions. I don't want to call the restaurant as I don't want it to be awkward for him.    


Mom of two at Childrens Museum - m4w



You were the amazing mother of two at the children's museum Friday afternoon. We exchanged a couple glances, but I didn't want to interrupt because I saw you talking to a friend. I can honestly say I have never seen a better looking redhead in my entire life    


Long lost lover - m4w



I've lost track of you and your email addy/phone.  We used to meet out west.  You would drive out from like HR area.  Your hubs is a trucker.  We'd meet at Rooney Road trail head.  ...missing you.  J    


My dads trucks name is Clifford - m4m



Yo Cliff...Clifford 

Long shot here dude. Sure hope you see this.


You come to my work at least twice a week. U just got back from a trip out of the country. I saw you today as I was leaving work. 

I won't be there much longer, just put my notice in. Either way if you see this, or If is see you in person...I'd like to chill. 

Shit I don't know if your straight or not, either way I'd like to get to know you.    


We work at the same resort... - w4m
this thick light skinned chick - m4w



Hi this trevor Copeland an I'm looking for this woman who Rome's aurora co she's very thick an I want a piece of it I don't know her name but she's very sexy an thick    


Pretty older lady - I commented about your sweater - m4w



Would love to learn more about you.  You had a cute little white sweater with black bows on it.  You said you got it there.    


Your butt, my finger - m4m



I want to finger your tight, hairy hole and make you come like a freight train.  Males under forty only with an ass like the one's pictured, your photo required.    


That spark between us strangers.  Undeniable - m4w



That spark between us strangers.  Undeniable.  We never met, not in this lifetime before this fateful day.  But certainly you felt the sparks like I did.  I almost fainted from the lack of breathing and butterflies in my stomach from the sight of our eyes meeting.

It was one look, one simple passing.  Happenstance.  Or was it. ?

Ever have that happen before?  Where your eyes met, and you know, you know down to the depths of your soul, you know that person from another life, another century, another time and place.

What was probably 10 seconds in this lifetime, a short spin of our earth, a small distance about the sun, and in those 10 long seconds, my eyes fell in love with your face, your pouty lips, the way your nose complimented your cheeks, and oh my god your eyes.  I dove in.  Long before I saw your smile, I dove into your eyes and splashed around a bit.  Oh sure, I would have loved to dance about your lips and kiss you and pull you in tightly, but I think that happen a couple of centuries before, and most certainly will happen again.

But this time, I needed to feel your warm, the one that exists in your soul.  And there I was, bathing in your aura.  I loved how your hair was just so you.  If I described how I felt about your body, there'd be a thousand love letters here from a thousand wayward souls.  But this is about you, and me... and how we keep doing this to ourselves.  Time after time.

And that spark between us, is just undeniable.    


Casual encounter Dim Sum - m4w
Starbucks Brighton Barista - m4w



L... You have the most sexy eyes. I could look at them all day! Thank you for always making the best cup!    


Happy Birthday~~ - w4m



Happy Birthday M.....It's been forever but I still think of you often. Hope life is good for you! Enjoy this day <3    


J - m4w



J... we kind of work together.. i probably shouldnt be posting this but i cant help it... your body drives me absolutely insane!! What i wouldnt give to get my hands on you. Im a sucker for short women and you come with everything including being short. That slim body those puffy lips wide hips and absolutely flawless ass of yours! Not to mention that camel toe you have almost every day makes my mouth water! I just want a taste. I cant help but stare no matter how hard i try not too and whenever i get the chance i always catch a look at you. The things i wish i could do to you! If you made a move i would take you right here at work. Just know i fantasize about you and wish i could just have one night to ravish that body of yours!

Its 1/7/2017 and you wore jeans today.. you are the only woman i have even seen that has a pussy hungry enough to eat your jeans and give you a camel toe the way i sas this morning. And the way your ass stretches those jeans to the max is incredible!    


MSU (Design) - w4m



This is a long shot, about a year and a half ago I saw you a few times in passing down the halls at Metro. Each time we caught each others eyes. We smiled at each other once but I haven't seen you again. You had dark hair and were average height and build possibly muscular but I couldn't tell. Tell me  a little about what building we were in and what floor we were on so I know it was you. I really want to get to know you!    


Petite Latina woman with lip ring at king soopers Thornton December 23rd - m4w



I saw you standing by the end of the isle, at the back half of the store. You were really petite, had your hair pulled back in kind of a pony tail, you had a lip ring in the bottom right side of of your lip, you were wearing blue skinny jeans. You appeared to be Latina. You completely made my heart skip several beats... I've never felt that before ! I'd give anything to have a conversation with you. If you think this is you, please email me ! Let's grab a bite and have an adventure !    


12/11 at Keystone - w4m



You - Tall, dark hair, dark eyes, British accent, mechanical engineer, skier, likes dark beer

Me - Snowboarder, brown hair/eyes, works in beauty industry, drinks hard cider

We had a wonderful intelligent conversation at one of the bars at the base of Keystone until I had to go because my friends were ready to leave. I remember a lot more details about you, but don't want to post them. I was too chicken to ask for your number. Now a week has gone by and I can't stop thinking about you. I would love to meet again to continue our conversation. If it's you, tell me my name and what we talked about.    


I miss you! - w4m
Weekend the Hills - w4mm



Bad choice in music. Who made this track? Dont like it dont care but you gotta go. Too much talent out there. Why is the little girl screaming. Game over.    


To You, Taken From N & G - w4w



He touched Goldmund's hair and forehead with his lips. Astonished at first, and then moved, Goldmund knew what had happened.

"Goldmund," the Abbot whispered into his ear, "forgive me for not being able to tell you earlier. I should have said it to you the day I came to see you in your prison in the bishop's residence, or when I was shown your first statues, or at so many other times. let me tell you today how much I love you, how much you have always meant to me, how rich you have made my life. it will not mean very much to you. you are used to love; it is not rare for you; so many women have loved and spoiled you. For me it is different. my life has been poor in love; i have lacked the best of life. our Abbot Daniel once told me that he thought I was arrogant; he was probably right. I am not unjust toward people. I make efforts to be just and patient with them, but I have never loved them. Of two scholars in the cloister, I prefer the now who is more learned; i've never loved a weak scholar in spite of his weakness. If i know nevertheless what love is, it is because of you. i have been able to love you, you alone among all men. You cannot imagine what that means. it means a well in a desert, a blossoming tree in the wilderness. it is thanks you alone that my heart has not dried up, that a place within me has remained open to grace"
(p.306, 130, H.)    


Vw jetta white - m4m



We have spoke a few times before your name starts with an R and you drive a white vw jetta, older model. You are such a handsome guy and would like to get to know you more. Hit me up and we can take it from there.    


Silver stem quincy - w4m



You work at silver stem off of quincy. I think you're the shortest one there. You sold me my first pen. I visit frequently and I am very tall. I gave you props for crawling up to grab a bong a couple days before Christmas. I always look a mess when I come in. You're just a stud, I'm a sucker for short guys. If you think it's you and you think you remember me... let's chat?    


Light brunette girl at my store - m4w



You are really pretty. Long straight hair, almost chestnut color or lighter brunette, with a unique first name. Like a little bird. petite frame.

You came into my store and kept looking at me. Your eyes are amazing too. Btw I look younger than I am...    


Evans Walmart - w4m



You work at the pharmacy. We crossed paths twice today. Did you feel that connection? The vibe had me speechless. Tell me what you remember.    


Silver stem quincy - w4m



I'm becoming a regular. Tonight I made a remark about the snow and you noticed my accent. You seem chill and I'd like to pick your brain! You remembered my name, where am I from?    


DEN to PHX flight, Tues 12/27 - m4m



You and I were on the same American flight from Denver to Phoenix, 12/27. You've been on my mind ever since. 

You sat a couple rows in front of me. You had a backpack for carry-on. We landed about 8:30pm or so. 

You certainly caught my eye! You're handsome! Tall--6' 4"-ish maybe?--with great-looking specs. 

And I wonder if I caught your eye. I walked past you by the Phoenix baggage claims; you were chatting with two people (family, maybe?) who met you at the airport. You glanced up at me, and seemed to hold your gaze for an extra second. 

Tell me something you remember about me or our flight, and let's chat. (The pilot made a couple special announcements during the flight--what were they about?)    


FERN, I and Why - w4m
We Met New Years Day at Friends House. Bonded Over Music. - m4m



You meet your friend at my friends row house on New Years Day after we had finished eating some Spaghetti I made. I was wearing the cat hat and when I was sitting on the TV stand it kind of crumbled a little bit, haha. We were all listening to some music I was playing and you asked me to share some with you but I forgot to give you my number and you left with your friend and then I had to leave the next day. I wanted to share some music with you and tell you I think are really cute as I think you might feel the same about me. I don't know your last so I'm having a hard time reaching out.    


Apartment gym - m4m



Hi 
I know this so stupid... But on the off chance u see this... u were at the Camden flatirons apartments gym tonight. Seemed like u knew what u were doing at the gym with that hot body... maybe we could meet up? Tell me what time and what u or I was wearing? Hope u see this.    


Planet Ftness i<3k - w4m



Hi your the most sexiext man who was working out. Think that employee was unsure of herself. Forget about it next timill i will get you new york deli sandwich    


I like your naked body - m4w



To my love, you are so damn hot, such supreme sexiness.  Your pretty face and curvy body are as beautiful as it gets. I wanna see more of you!    


My heart is healing and I'm scared - w4m



Sounds weird right? Been months several post, I've waited for a facebook message, or some sign of hope and today it hit me I only thought of you twice, it's happening, I'm healing I loved you G, and I'll always love you,but I'm getting better, I'm reslizing you will never message and you will never come home. It's okay I hope for u all the best, love u lots triple x double o goodbye    


King soopers needed help - m4w



You: beautiful young women watching over  checkout tonight.

Me: asked for directions to somewhere  That was in same  parking lot    


Laura - m4w



Laura its been 3 years since i saw you
we had a great connection and good times
i want to connect again ... 
p.s. i used to buy you 40oz from next door 
you lived close by 
if by chance you see this email me please    


I really hope you're okay - m4w



We were really hitting it off in the Starbucks while we were waiting for our drinks when you suddenly keeled over. I thought you were just trying to play the fainting trick to get rid of me. I guess an ambulance did show up... I'm sorry that I just sighed and walked out. I have trust issues... Please let me know that you're alright    


I am pretty bored without you



We never had a chance to even meet but I just want you to know I wish you the best in the New Year. Its not looking like we will ever meet and I am okay with that but I miss talking to you. You were my dream guy. God has a plan and now the dreams have stopped so maybe just for that moment in time we were suppose to connect but I do miss you. Happy New Year!    


He's just the security guard - w4m



Why cant we be together? Silly rabbit. Guess you are just or was the security guard. Why did we have to have that one night stand. Cant believe i fell for it. Im smarter that and knew you where just going to blow me off just like the rest of all the women you fuck. I really thought you loved me. What is love i dont know anymore. Sharing your last candy bar. Taking a city off the map.  Writing a song for them. Replacing their loved ones so they dont lose it.  Its hard for me to know    


Brittany - m4w



Once upon a time, I wished you a life as beautiful as you.  I wrote it on a page taken from my personal scrapbook, which means that you are memorialized as an absence in this romantic's life.

To tell the truth, I fell in love with you the moment I saw you, when you were interviewing for the job.  It's rude to flirt with a captive audience, so I never do, but I wanted to.  I actually attempted it on several occasions despite myself, and if a camera had been following me around it could have been several episodes of any highly rated sit-com, but alas...

Because I only date women who are way out of my league, I know that you're probably with somebody now, and then, and six weeks from now.  While then I could literally offer you nothing on account of the homelessness, and now only slightly more than that, I know that you probably do have a much more fortunate future in universes other than the one I want to live in, and I'm cool with that.  

but really I'm not.  I want to be in the one where you broke up with whoever a month ago, and thought whoever wherever might be the type to put a note on missed connections (which would be nice to see, even if you weren't into him), and you see this instead, and your heart leaps a little as you read it, and you smile that brilliant smile when you recall that I was actually pretty cute, and click Reply.

That universe is totally legit.    


Re: starting over (we met at lunch a few months ago) - m4w



These posts often end up genercic cause people don't want to blurt out their names for all to know who they are. Then they fumble around in private replies trying to exchange initials, names, or other details to try to figure out if it's the one each other is hoping it is. Sometimes it's still confusing cause people are afraid to risk even putting out an initial of their name. My goodness woman, with everything else up against us, we can't even figure out if we are talking to each other. So to the woman I asked if you will forgive my bad behavior mistakes of recent weeks - man oh man, did I act stupid - and can we start all over again: One day a few weeks ago I saw you talking to another man. I walked up and said hello. You said "it's good to see you." What did I say to you in reply? You, me, and the fellow you were talking to are only people who know the answer to that. There is no one in this world I want to talk to more than you. I am totally in love with you. Please let me try again to get myself together and get this right. I am sorry there is so much distance between us. It's my fault we can't see each other right now. I am sorry and sad. I miss you. I want you.    


This is involuntary - m4w



I can't help it.  I can't get you out of my mind.  I'm ready to throw my entire life off of a cliff for you.  Don't you see it?  Both of us are in miserable relationships that we're in the process of leaving.  You tell me so much and I talk to you about my innermost thoughts.  I'm vulnerable to you.  I'm utterly intoxicated and helpless against this insane attraction.  You give me such mixed signals.  Sometimes you flirt, other times you seem to avoid me.  You lent me your favorite movie.  I watched it and wrote you a note about how I felt about it and shared some deep feelings with you...  You didn't even respond to it.  You didn't even acknowledge it until I brought it up.  I'm being torn apart by this.  I can't think, I can't eat, I can't study.  All I want is to be close to you.  I don't want to be in this prison, but my heart won't let me leave it.  I'm not obsessed with you, just inexorably attracted to you.  I want it to stop, but, it just won't.  Every time I think my feelings for you are starting to ebb, I see you and it starts up from the beginning.  When I deliberately avoid you, my heart starts to heal.  But when I see you, I'm broken wide open again.  This is like a reflex...  something flies at a person and they immediately flinch.  I hear your voice in the other room and my heart immediately races.  I feel like I'm reaching out to you and you're reaching back, but, then, all of a sudden, you completely blow me off.  Help me know where to go.  I can't take this much longer.  This is a hellacious limbo like nothing I've ever felt before.  




So, how was the quinoa? - m4w



There's only one woman east of the Rockies who will know what my posting title refers to, so if you're her, keep in touch!    


You have sexy Feet - m4w



For the ladies out there showing off your sexy feet in your flip flops or the business professional on your feet all day in your uncomfortable hose and heels, or the ones who just love showing off your bare feet and painted toenails, would like to ask how to go about being your foot service provider/massager/worshiper, so you can have them taken care of like you deserve.    


Near head on collision - Auraria campus - m4w



Dear woman screaming profanities at me,

You're actually the one driving on the wrong side of the double yellow line. I'm sorry the snow has partially obscured the lane markers but I drive this way every day.

Sincerely,

A Colorado native just trying to get home safely amid a torrent of Californians and Texans who don't belong here if they can't hang.    


Wells Fargo Arvada - m4w



I must be the dumbest guy in the world as I had my chance holding the door for you and told you to be careful. You are a shorter absolutely beautiful blond and I did not see a ring. I just cannot imagine someone as breathtaking as you not being in a relationship as you could have any man you want. Your coat was just a little to long as you had yoga pants on. I only hope my God is paying attention and you see this because you were looking for it. You were cashing against your daughters account I think  I heard you say? I will not be able to sleep as I may have blown the chance of a lifetime. Please God I need you in my life.    


Dec 22nd SB 121 - w4m



You had a black cap, leather jacket and some kickin' boots on. You only saw me as I was getting off the bus but we made eye contact several times.
Maybe you'd like to talk?    


Looking for Jim Tyler - m4m



Looking for Jim Tyler about 72-73 years old.
Mary & John Dokca. 2 brothers + dog named King.
Lived on the West Side of St. Paul, MN. 328 Congress St.
Went to Roosevelt Elementary & Jr High School
 Went to Humboldt High School then joined Air Force.
We lived on main floor, you on second.
Would like to touch bases.    


You were the best sex I ever had. - m4w



You were the best sex I ever had. I just loved how much more experienced you were than me, how patient you were and how you taught me so much. I never thought I was that big until you said it.  Let's be honest, you weren't the most innocent but the way you looked at my cock when you first too off my pants at my house...such an ego boost! The way you pushed my head down when I was eating you out and arched your back every time you came...omg!!!  I miss all your tattoos, your Big Tits and the way you looked when you were on top and rode my cock.  How you begged me to choke you and slap your ass harder and harder, it was eye opening to me!!!  I didn't know I could cum twice in on session but you kept my cock hard and made me cum harder than I ever came in my life.
Seriously, I think about that all the time...it's getting me hard now just talking about it.  
You were amazing K!!!  And if there was ever a chance again, I would take it in a heart beat!!!

Hope you're doing well!!!    


Dtc athletic club 1/5 I sucked your dick but did not get you off - m4m



Hey,

This is a long shot. I meet you today in the sana we followed eachother around a bit and ended up in the sana. You stood up with you nice dick and i asked if I could blow you you let me... I was to nervous someone would walk in so i did not finish... 

I would like to meet up again.. I will be in the sana again tomorrow at 12 hope to see you then... 

You can always email me and we can go from there.    


24hour on 28th and wolf lifting room - m4m



you: tall bearded curly haired (red haired I think) muscle man. I think you were wearing a green or blue shirt and black sweatpants 
me: tan, brown black hair, building muscle guy in the black CU Denver shirt and gray shorts

If you see this message me handsome    


White truck - w4m



Saw you at KingSoopers today at Starbucks.  We left at the same time.  You were driving a white truck.  Really liked your smile.



at a standstill (moving at a turtle's pace) - w4m



Because all that seems left to me are cries to the universe.

T-

I wish i understood you at all.
No scratch that, i like you the way you are- mysterious and incomprehensible. There are a few things i wish that i did know though, like the right words to say to you to make everything we've talked about happen. Or the right things to do...

And i sit here, all alone, and think to myself: if i could just speak, if i could just be brave, you could be here with me now.

And there are things i want to tell you. . .
That'd I'd make damn sure I'm the best you've ever had.
That your quiet voice gives me chills and I'm dying to find out if you're a dirty talker.
That I always have soaked panties on the days you're around.
That I want you to go slow, and make me beg.
That I want you to choke me, and pull my hair.
That I want to ride you till my legs give out. . . And then do it again.
That I really want you to get rough with me from behind, after you've had me every other way.

Fuck the perceived consequences, that line was crossed months ago, and in far more questionable circumstances. Everything disappears.

I still want you, and just as bad, but i just don't know what to do. When I said someone was desperate for time with you, i really meant it.

You know who this is. I've said more than enough to be clear. Be clear in your reply, too. Or better yet, just say something. Do something. 
Been waitin' and waitin' for you to make a move....    


Christina Anderson are you still around? - m4w



We met years ago, but life played us a bad hand and we were separated. My name is: Cory, I'm looking for a lost love. Your name was Christina Anderson, your mom's was Mary. Remember the cold night in Tiny Town when your car broke down and I gave you my sweater to wear? Iv'e missed you and have always wondered what happened to you. You have a son named David. The last time we spoke was August 1997. If you happen to know Christina please let her know I'd like to speak to her again. I still hold your Prom picture in my wallet.    


MY BAD FOR EVER LOVING YOU - m4w



MY bad for loving you as much as I did I gave all of my heart and soul into us and got kicked and hurt shame on you for saying I didn't love and care for you I was the one who lost my true self in you and was always there willing to give my all and have a life and marriage thanks for that last post in hurting me    


Wash Park Locker Room - m4m



We met in the locker room. You have longish hair. I could see one tat. You said you usually come around 6:00 to swim. We both said it was crowded. I was hoping we'd leave together & talk more. Let me know if you get this & want to talk. I wanted to introduce myself and shake hands but didn't want to seem too forward.    


Delaware - m4w



Looking for a girl from delaware. I just need your first name, and you just need mine    


Looking For Kathy Scott - m4w



Just wondering if anyone has seen or heard from Kathy Scott, formally from Denver....she worked for Continental Airlines in reservations....she transferred to Houston Texas....she was a good friend and  I would love to hear from her..she has a sister that lived in Colorado springs..any information would be appreciated....Scott was her maiden name, not sure what her last name is now
Thanks
Randy    


blue dodge 4x4 - m4w



you were turning from Sheridan with me what a beautiful set of eyes and smile we shared afew winks and a couple of waves sure wish we would have pulled over and talked you are so beautiful    


Lunatic Fringe and 24 Hour Fitness - m4w



You were jamming out with your headphones to Lunatic Fringe which was totally sexy.  I thought I was the only one who loved working out to that song.  Anyway, you didn't really notice me, but you sure are gorgeous.    


I really hoped for different - m4w



I really miss you. Our talks especially. Things flowed so easy with you that I believed it was the real thing. Now all I have are unanswered questions and no idea what the truth was. I should have made you take the time you asked for. In hindsight, I think it would have helped me as much as it would have you. My heart is calm now at least. Maybe our paths will cross again some day.    


If you know a woman named Ashlynn...please help? - m4w



I'm trying to get in touch with a wonderful, insanely sexy woman named Ashlynn. She has blonde hair and works at least two full-time jobs: a daytime office job, and bartending/restaurant work at night. If you know her, could you show her this posting? There is a reward for you if you get us in touch!!    


Blonde on the 100 - m4w



This is to the beautiful blonde lady riding the bus last night. I was wearing my work clothes n super tired. I doubt you will get this but if you do maybe we can limit or get a bite to eat. I'm still amazed by your beauty :)    


Its always been you - m4w



Maroon five and boyz to men killin me our wedding songs ugghhh i misss you armenian beauty    


gorgeous blond at planet fitness - m4w



You look amazing and how I love your curves. Sorry if I made you uncomfortable but I couldnt take my eyes off of you. You had walked in with a guy and im not sure if thats a boyfriend, husband or hopefully a brother but if you see this then that means you are looking too. You were wearing a blue workout top and black pants and started on the stair-climber first thing.  You put on a blue sweatshirt with writing on the front when you left. I am not sure if our eye contact was from an attraction or you were just creeped out by me starring at you.  Hope to see you again soon.    


RE: DO GIRLS GIVE BLOWJOBS ANYMORE?? - m4w



Learn to post in the right section, you micro dick loser. Women don't like to suck tiny little dicks like yours. Casual encounters is down the hall. This is missed connections.    


LB, Where are you? - m4w



Baby where are you, and why won't you call or text me.  Don't keep me hanging like this, worried and nervous.  I want to be with you so badly, and I miss you everyday.  Today is a snow day and perfect for talking.  Let's make a plan.  Include where we went on our 1st trip together in your reply.    


You are new we work together - Initials BS - m4w



You just started with the company last month, you are tall blond and very attractive!

We work off Lincoln and I25,  I have been with the company for a while and helped you get started. 

If you think this is you let me know what noise you asked me to look at that you heard on the way to work.    


My office husband - w4m



We always flirt. There is obvious chemistry between us. We call each other office husband and office wife. You always linger when you come to my office to chat with me. We both got a little tipsy at a company sponsored Rockies game last August and almost made out with each other. I was wearing a super short skirt and you "accidentally" placed your hand very high up on my inner thigh. We both giggled about it, but I was wishing so bad that you would have gone up a few inches more to feel how wet I was. We work in an office with plenty of hidden spots to live out our desires. I just wish I knew for sure if I should make a move...

We are both working from home today (Thursday), due to the snow. I am working from home tomorrow too, so I won't see you until Monday at the earliest, unfortunately.    


Porter hospital many years ago - m4w



I know this is the longest of shots but he we go....We dated for a while and I did fall madly in love with you ,you worked with my mom Joyce and we were great together and I should of married you 
but just getting over a divorce a few years before was scared and stupid ...anyway just been thinking of you hoping you are well if you see this plese hit me up or if anyone knows her please tell tell me ...
You had Daga the sheppard ....    


to the gentleman from Aurora, about, last February - m4m



Very looong shot, nevertheless, here we go.
******
I was looking for someone "smaller" in that department and patient cause I'm a first timer. When I got back to town I freaked out and never contacted you.
I sincerely apologize.
I'm more than ready now and I'd like to make it up to you.

To ensure that it is you, please respond with a picture of you that doesn't show your face.

Thanks and sorry.    


Havana sauna wednesday - m4m



It was hot lying next to you and rubbing up and down your leg.

Then when everyone left ---wow

You said I had a nice package...

What else did we talk about?
What city that we both travel too!

Let's hook up    


Oak express - m4m



I came in with my mom and dad. My mom asked you about some chairs. You asked about my hat that I was wearing, and I felt bad cause I didn't really talk much to you. However my mom came and asked you another question which lead me to ask you who was you favorite Nintendo character. I really enjoyed talking to you about Nintendo and theme parks, but not really sure if you were flirting with me or just doing your job. If it was flirting I would definitely like to go get some coffee with you sometime. Let me know who your favorite Nintendo character is.    


Trying to find Mike - w4m



I met you a few ....'s back. We had a great unexpected connection but both were married. You made me feel like you were interested in more than just the conversations we had for the time we talked. I still think about you, likely more than I should. If you ever see this, I'd love to hear from you. I've forgotten your last name but know it started with M. You told me you were separated at that time and I know you did/do finance work (that's how me met) no children. 

You're about 6', Hispanic, your eyes and smile are captivating. And you shared some personal interests that your everyday people wouldn't know about you. Not even your wife.  

Hope to hear from you, someday!    


We met online - w4m



Hey Eric, We haven't technically met but we were really hitting it off on qwikmeet before I ditched my profile because life got busy... You are 30, active, into psychology, have a dog and need to do yoga with me. I have no idea if you look at these but I miss talking to you and think we should hang out. If you're you, then respond with your favorite movie and I'll know. If you're friends with an Eric who recently tried online dating holler at him! 
Otherwise don't bother me :)    


My First love Nickelback and Tool - w4m



How You Remind Me-
Never made it as a wise man
I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing
Tired of living like a blind man
I'm sick of sight without a sense of feeling

And this is how you remind me
This is how you remind me
Of what I really am
This is how you remind me
Of what I really am

It's not like you to say sorry
I was waiting on a different story
This time I'm mistaken
For handing you a heart worth breaking
And I've been wrong, I've been down,
Been to the bottom of every bottle
These five words in my head
Scream "are we having fun yet?"

Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no

It's not like you didn't know that
I said I love you and I swear I still do
And it must have been so bad
Cause living with me must have damn near killed you

And this is how, you remind me
Of what I really am
This is how, you remind me
Of what I really am

It's not like you to say sorry
I was waiting on a different story
This time I'm mistaken
For handing you a heart worth breaking
And I've been wrong, I've been down,
Been to the bottom of every bottle
These five words in my head
Scream "are we having fun yet?"

Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no

Never made it as a wise man
I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing

And this is how you remind me
This is how you remind me

This is how you remind me
Of what I really am
This is how you remind me
Of what I really am

It's not like you to say sorry
I was waiting on a different story
This time I'm mistaken
For handing you a heart worth breaking
And I've been wrong, I've been down,
Been to the bottom of every bottle
These five words in my head
Scream "are we having fun yet?"

Schism-
I know the pieces fit 'cause I watched them fall away.
Mildewed and smoldering. Fundamental differing.
Pure intention juxtaposed will set two lovers souls in motion
Disintegrating as it goes testing our communication
The light that fueled our fire then has burned a hole between us so
We cannot seem to reach an end crippling our communication.

I know the pieces fit 'cause I watched them tumble down
No fault, none to blame, it doesn't mean I don't desire to
Point the finger, blame the other, watch the temple topple over.
To bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication

The poetry that comes from the squaring off between,
And the circling is worth it.
Finding beauty in the dissonance.

There was a time that the pieces fit, but I watched them fall away.
Mildewed and smoldering, strangled by our coveting
I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing.
Doomed to crumble unless we grow, and strengthen our communication.

Cold silence
has a tendency
to atrophy any
sense of compassion
between supposed lovers,
between supposed lovers,

I know the pieces fit    


24 hr fitness littleton - m4m



your were doing legs tonight saw you looking over to me a few times.  seen you at the gym before.  I was doing triceps.  tel me what color my shirt was.  would like to workout maybe play with you.    


Sometimes a boy just needs to be held NYE - m4m



It wasn't typical, but we both needed it. I'd do it again. Cuddling was actually the best, just being present and totally relaxed. Let's meet again. No intention beyond finding space with you.    


Re: Can We Start All Over Again - w4m



Yes, we can......but how? Can you be more specific so I know who this is.
Miss you so, so much    


Think about you everyday - m4w



RS- I think about you every single day, when I wake up your on my mind. It's been about 18 months since I left. I shouldn't have, I thought things were gonna pan out differently. I look at our picture we took at red robins years ago. We both made mistakes, I wish I would have truly stood by your side. I still love you o so very much. Your missed on the deepest levels. If you ever see this reply or call if you want to make us a team again.We can do great things beautiful. Without you a piece of me is missing.    


My neighbor - m4w



I've always had a crush/ fantasy about you but too shy to tell you. I think your a really chill person and I wish I could just come over for smoke sessions with you. We only really see each other in passing or smoking on our back patios. Prove it to me if it's you :) Your name starts with an E    


One Green Balloon - m4w



I fear that I have not left you better off and for this I carry an unrelenting pain. I don't know if it was right to scuttle our ship. I don't know if I was supposed to find the resolve to make the best of what we had in spite of the nagging doubts and unresolved differences, or if indeed letting you go was the best for you.  

Our time together has forever changed me. You have made me aware of the beauty that is possible but also of my own inability to protect something so dear. I am still not yet the man I desire to become, a man strong enough to carry that spark. 

I have to accept that I may never be - and it is this, a bitter pill of truth, that is the only thing that gives me some peace. If I am never to become, I have likely done you well by letting you go. 

I know that the heart will heal, as it is prone to do; a divine gift that allows us to move on into the unknown and toward someone new. But it does not bring solace to what is broken. It does not weaken so easy, this bond of ours. 

-------------------------

The dreams, they unbind my conscious mind and you come back in, as if you are still here, entwined in my life, and I in yours. Old moments replay, drifting through our time, unbridled by the rules of reality. Like some endless canvas, the familiar landscape wicks into vibrant possibilities that can only exist in those fleeting moments of stillness. But in those moments, we are together, kids stretching a summer day into night. And I am happy again. We truly did bend time, you and me. 

For this, I love what the night brings. But those tendrils of you go deep and when day breaks they rip at my essence, leaving a thousand stinging wounds, reminders of what was and what can no longer be. I dread this bittersweet nectar of sleep, yet I crave it too. I am trapped in the amber of our time together. 

This purgatory is perhaps a fitting penance. What you had to endure for so long, that unrequited desire to imprint the future with those beautiful moments of the present. 

-------------------------

One day I will ask you to forgive me, to release me from the guilt I carry from knowing that I was so careless with your love, a miser with my heart. So fearful of unbecoming me and becoming something else, something I could not control, I became withholding. I became the very thing that I had endured myself, what had led me to this place - and to you, those years ago.

Something was lost. Not my love for you; something else. And I did not have the strength to forge my way back to it. For this I hope that when your own pain resides and your heart is full and cherished, you will have forgiven me.

In the meantime, I miss our connection. But more importantly, I want you to be happy and fulfilled and to make new memories so lucid and lovely that whatever we shared will fade, as it should, retreating to that canvas of the mind that only comes out when sleep is deep, and is quickly forgotten when the sun arcs above the plains.

Yours. 




downtown bicyclist - w4m



I saw you riding down 15th on your bike you looked like a messenger.  Me and my girlfriends were coming out of Sam's you looked right at me we made eye contact.  You stopped looked back at me smiled then you kept going. I want to get to know you better.  I saw the name of your bike brand on the downtube let me know what it is.    


LML one more time - m4w



Im sure you never read these but its the only outlet I have.
This is just wrong. I cant stand it. It is unfair and it hurts.
I would have given up everything familiar and comfortable to be with you and would have gladly done anything it took to make you happy. 
Somehow that indifferent self-centered fucker successfully got your heart and eliminated me entirely from your life. 
I could have lived with you choosing another if they were worth it but he has forced you to cut your ties with those of us that truly care about you and treats you like shit. 
You say he is an asshole because you made a mistake? Well, how long do you have to pay for that? And, what is the price? 
You mean to tell me he has never made a mistake or a bad decision?
I am lonelier now than I was in prison....I once thought that was the worst experience of my life and now that I am finding out that it can get worse, nobody really gets it or cares enough to get it so I sit in that park and try to come to terms with being a disposable resource like I have so many times before. 
At least my life is consistent in its experiences.....
I hope I am wrong and he becomes what you deserve. 
Otherwise this sacrifice is just not worth the turmoil on this end...    


Sprint Store in Aurora - m4w



You were there with your daughter dealing with a phone issue. You're black, drive a Dodge Challenger, and remarkably beautiful. Your smile lit up the entire place. I'm the white guy having a similar issue. We chatted for a second. You smiled at me and I almost past out. You Jada gloveon your left hand so I couldn't tell if you've already made another man the most luck guy in the world,but if not, please respond. Let's go out for a drink.    


Emily in Thornton/Northglenn - m4w



We haven't had contact in about a year and a half. Although we never met in person, we emailed for awhile(at first), then we texted and talked some. We originally met on Craigslist in June of 2013 and we were off and on until about a year and a half ago.  Last I knew you were going to college and working part time. I believe you would have turned 34 in early August but am only 99 percent sure on that. You have two sons. You also has several tattoos which you texted me pictures of on a few occasions. 
Any way, I would like to reconnect with you. Your sense of humor was great and you used to call me "brat," "nerd," and "jerk." Even though we never met in person, I think that our connection was very good considering. I think that we hit it off. I hope that your life is going well. I hope that your boys, school, work and every facet of your life is good. I know that life is a roller coaster ride at times but hopefully you are in a good spot on the tracks at the moment. May be you don't agree but I don't think anything happened between us that cannot be forgiven but may be you don't agree. I feel like we had potential and would hate to waste it. I wish that I could undo the past and bring us back to our best moments. I remember you used to call me up randomly in the evenings before you left work sometimes and we would talk briefly. You told me a couple of times that my voice was sexy. I found your voice to be sexy as well. Let's try to work this out. 
Miss you love,
Eric 



We work together- LoDo-you're new to CO - w4m



This feels so weird to post here, but I know you'll never read this. So I'm posting as more of an outlet for myself. 

You moved here 2 months ago from the Midwest. We work together in LoDo.

We have gone out for happy hour a few times, usually with coworkers. Including tonight, waiting out the snow storm. I left abruptly and upset-which I feel like a total ass about.

Look. I'm so fucking crazy about you. And I know-KNOW-that I shouldn't be. For several reasons.

But I just had to get this off my chest. I know nothing will ever happen, but sometimes I wish it would/could. Maybe in another life. I feel like it might be a mutual thing, and I could probably be way off base thinking that. But whatever the case may be, just know you're amazing, funny, good looking, and if there ever was a possibility of you and I, I'd do it in a heartbeat.    


Kohl's Louisville - m4m



I was just getting off my shift when I bumped into you. I always enjoy seeing you and keep forgetting /scared to ask if you want to hang out and have some fun. You have both piercings and tats and find you very attractive. Let me know which section of the store we bumped into each other so I know it is you.    


I saw you at Torrid in Mills Mall - m4m



I saw you looking at lingerie in Torrid in Mills Mall.  I would have loved to talk to you but was with my wife. I'd like to chat with you.    


we met climbing the wall Iwas on the wall till i jumped to freedom !!! - m4w



I WONT FORGET HOW WE MET AND HOW MUCH WE STARTED TO HANG OUT IT WAS NICE SO NICE I KNEW IT WOULD END BUT LIKE THIS . I ENDED THE MOST DIFFICULT THING AND WHEN  I LOST THAT YOU LEFT WITH IT I WISH IT COULD BE BACK TO WHEN WE MET  I HAD A GOOD TIME I HOPE I LEFT SOMETHING IN YOUR HEART KNOWING I REALLY CARED I WISH TO SEE U I REALLY MISS YOU BUT TO THE END.    


Gray 4Runner S. Bound Sante Fe - m4w



To the beautiful woman at the stoplight today - south bound Sante Fe. I do hope you were ok, as you seemed a bit down. Hope your afternoon turned out well.    


Chronos - m4w



city hall event center nye 

It was really nice to meet you 
I should have never walked away from you 

"where have you been all my life?"    


Balcony Stage Left - m4w



I admire that lone lady with glasses and dark hair
You are absolutely adorable and I would love to know you
I really hope you see this    


Havana Sauna New Years Day - m4m



You are tall and fairly smooth with blondish/gray hair and a very nice cock. I am beefy with a hairy chest and mustache. You jacked me off in the steam room. It was very hot. Love to do that again sometime.    


sanchos broken arrow pool playing girl monday - m4w



my friend and i played pool monday(1-2-17) afternoon with you and your friend. i wish i didnt have to fly home to new york. and i wish you didnt have to leave. would like to talk.. shane.    


Hot women at King Soopers - m4w



120th and Sheridan my goodness. So mqny good looking women were there right now you ladies are beautiful    


If it's you? Or you can be her? - m4w



I'm was looking for a new place to live the other day but sand thought I would check out some Appartment's. I went to the office and the girl who showed me around the place was super cute. She was super nice and we laughed about things as she showed me things, even bent over and opened doors and other things so I could see the space in them, a "I felt" like she was flirting with me and possibly making sure I check out her ass. I totally wanted to kiss her and other things "fuck her"  because we were all alone in the Appartment. I got into the car after and thought to myself, I should've just said something or just made a move on her and see what she would've done. Would have been super hot if she was down for it. So now I've got this fantasy/need to see if I can find a leasing agent or Realtor agent who would be down for something like this someday soon. You show me the place and while we are in the unit let's have some kinky sex, maybe do it in the bathroom, kitchen or what ever you'd be up for. Maybe I even come back another day and we look at it again, or at another style. This could be a home for sale or rent. Think this sound hot? "Let's talk"
I'm not picky on age or race as long as your good looking and not super overweight. Be ddf, smell good and fun. I'm in my early 40's. Professional career, good looking, "from what I'm told" 6ft hwp, ddf, nice cut package, play safe and fun. Maybe your not an agent but know someone who is and could pass this on, or maybe she would let us just play in an empty place. I don't care if your married or single, not changing anyone's life. Maybe if it works out right we make it an ongoing thing. If you think this could have been you, this was a month ago, Appartment's you showed me are in Broomfield and you had on a black skirt and I had on a black shirt and name of the place starts with H.
I'm not looking for a place now but just to make a fantasy happen. Put your age in the subject line and send a pic along with your location.    


Re: can we start over again - w4m



Initials please? And mean words and lies and you feel bad, if this is for me tell me what the absolutely lowest thing you pulled "if your in love with me so much"    


Shawna front desk - m4w



Shawna, your the one I go to ever time I go to the counter at my doctor.  I don't know anything about you, but your Beauty is breathtaking. I think about asking you out or dropping my number for you. You'll probably never read this.  But if for some reason you do.  Please let me know.   Tell me something about myself in the email.  You read and type my name in the computer so you should know.    


For the guy in a  home cave/underground - m4m



Hopefully you are warm and it's bright with light whereever you are.

I once met you when you had a black and white dog.  I am desparate for help. I know you post here when you have needed help as I have let that person know you where looking for him.  I need to learn what you do....to survive. I can offer in trade whatever I have or can do.  You very much impressed me and I really admired you.  I hope your home is warm tonight.  

Please let this post find you fast.  I would never ask for help unless I really needed it.
Respectfully and humbly and hopefully a new friend.




Naughty Bingo - m4w



This is probably a long shot but we were at naughty bingo Jan 3rd in Arvada, I spoke several times with your daughter while outside smoking, when we were leaving we met for a brief second, I would love to get to know you better, please tell me what color you were wearing, also just between us, your absolutely gorgeous.    


Havana Sauna - m4m



You had light brown/gray hair and a beard. You have a beautiful cock. I was shaved with tattoos. We played a little bit in the Crystal Room and the Steam Room yesterday, but kept getting interrupted. I'd love to continue what we started and feel that cock between my lips and ass cheeks.
Reply with a detail that will make me know it's you.    


Glory Daze a few years ago or visitors - m4m



I am a 39 year old bi, white guy. I used to visit glorydaze a few years ago and always had a lot of fun. I'm just looking for the guy who set it up or any of the men that used to visit him. If you are one of these guys, hit me up and let's chat. Tell me something about it so that I know you are real. I look forward to hearing from you.    


Can we start all over again - m4w



Tension, stress, confusion, longing, desire, mixed messages, frustration, anger, mean words, lies that we don't care about us, split apart, you have no idea how bad I feel and how much you mean to me. Do you understand how hard my life is? I don't think anyone understands or cares. I was hoping you might be the one person who would care and would demonstrate your support. I thought you did the other night but there hasn't been any communication since. I am in love with you.    


Poker at Ameristar - Nicole - m4w



You sat next to me Monday (Jan 2nd) around 10pm or so and ordered a coffee with a special topping. I was drinking and mispronouncing (intentionally) the wine I ordered. We chatted a bit, played a few hands: I even gave you a look while we were playing a hand and you cracked and smiled under the pressure :)  Unfortunately, I lost to a Royal Flush soon after you sat down, and then lost the last of my money before I could talk to you further and ask to give you my number or if you wanted to grab a drink sometime.

If you read this & would like to connect, respond with your Coffee Topper and mispronounced wine choice. I would love to opportunity to get to know you a little better.    


Walgreens 44th and Wadsworth - m4w



You and I made some nice eye contact a couple times this morning.  Tell me something about what I was wearing.  ;)    


King Soopers Belleview Square - m4w



I saw you in the chip isle around 10:30 pm. Tall blonde, just a gorgeous woman. As I was leaving the chip isle you turned around and almost clobbered me with your bag of chips. I could not help but notice when you walked past me that even though we did not speak to each other that the eye contact we made ..... well all I can say was wow. I was hopping to make small talk with you while standing in line for the check out. Don't know if you will see this or if well will ever bump into each other again. But in the off chance you might read this and would like to meet up for a drink of your choice please get in contact with me.    


Safeway Rock Creek - m4w



You came in this morning to get some water, we talked for a few minutes. Wanted to ask ya out, but I was working and I get really nervous with these things. Tried looking for you a few minutes later, but you were gone. Anyways, I hope you're reading this, really would like to hang out sometime :)    


Aurora McDonald's - w4m



Looking for the hot guy I said hello to when i was leaving McDonald's with my Daughter Saturday night Dec 31.    


Alta Cherry Hills - m4w



I know this is a long shot and I never post on here but here we go! You were working out in the gym. You had red hair and a Miami Hurricane tank top on. I looked at you..a lot. I was wearing and blue tank and backwards hat. If this was you, feel free to email me! :) 
Have a nice day!    


711 coffee - m4m



U offer to buy my coffee I said no thanks and walked a way wishing now i dident liked to hang out sometime lglet me no msg littlE more on  what haIppen so i no it's u hope you see this    


My naughty cum slut - m4w



I've been trying to get in touch with you. We met once on Santa Fe, and once at your place. I lost your email and your kik. I would love to talk to you again. Hopefully you find this ad.    


Met at arcade - m4m



Met  arcade on 72nd & wash. Kissed a bit in the booth. Anyway u were hot and wished I had gotten ur #. Me, 50, goatee bald head. Hope 2hear from u.    


Free spirit, smiling at Black Box - m4w



Not sure if this will reach you, but here goes. You kept noticing my glances while you were dancing and eventually came up to me. You were wearing a gypsy-type outfit and looked really cute. I didn't know what to say, but I wanted to ask you out on a date. If you're out there, I would love to hang out, blaze up, listen to some music and see your beautiful smile again :-)    


Bartender - DTC tavern - m4m



You're the brunette bearded white bartender at the tavern in Dtc. You've served me a few times and got a nice vibe from you. Not sure what team you're on but eye contact made me think otherwise.    


Dear B., - w4m



In these hours since I left your work, I can't stop thinking about you.
I know this is beyond a long shot, but, I wasn't sure if you heard me say to call me, and, if you would get my number from where you know it is. 
I so enjoyed seeing you yesterday and today, after thinking of you, all these months I haven't seen you. 
I had a great time talking and laughing with you.  I so appreciated your kind words and your hug.  That was very sweet of you.  
I'm so hoping you were serious about going dancing with me.  I don't want to go these days until I see you again, if you wanted to be talking outside of your work.  
Can't wait to have more laughs!    


United flight to denver...you had the middle seat - m4w



I was sitting in the window seat row 30
I had had an hour of sleep and was excited to rest the whole plane ride.
Halfway through the flight I woke up and you were sleeping on my shoulder.
You had cuts on your hand like you have fucked up someone in a bar fight....
You had a copy of the book Catch 22.    


White girls at mc



About 3 weeks ago i was at mon chalet
There were 2 very sexy white girls playing
Together.  Unfortunately i was with a friend.  (Not really a friend)
But im respectful and didnt want to offend her. She was a skinny black girl
That was loud! Lol i didnt do it with her 
I kept looking at you and u also glanced at me
Im a mex guy. It was a full night with lots of people.
You smiled and looked at me while out of the hot tub on the corner.
Blonde tall girl with a hot sexy body. I have a beard, and tattoos.
Remember me? Anyone? 
Thanks    


Cloud 9 - w4w



Well, the library seems to be our spot, doesn't  it? Thank you for letting me wear your sweater; it was so cold in there!
Our talk on the creation of the material universe was really good (even though I disagree:)). Before you left I think you were going to ask me something but held my hand and said something in Cherokee. I have absolutely no clue what you said. Lol. 
I'm still smiling from this evening. If you happen to be on here, I want you to know that I really enjoyed our time together. Be safe driving home ok? 

Until next time.    


Your wife - w4m



Why has know one told her? I met someone who know her. You are a liar! I am telling her!    


Stars, love, and the endless universe - m4w



body: average
height: 6'3" (190cm)
status: single
age: 21
I'm pretty much done with online services. Nothing but robots wanting your email and ads about how to make your dick bigger or scams, but I figure what the hell. A little about me, I'm 6'3" weight 280, I'm a tank hahaha. My hair is long, I have a beard, three tattoos and one piercing. Just kind of posting this to see if by the slightest of one in a million I win the lottery and find someone great, I'm tired of waiting around alone relying on casual encounters. A lot of people on here talk about flaws but to me perfection, just like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder and finding that one person who sees all your flaws just another part of you they love is really finding that one person. I know there must be someone out there, who loves endless conversations about the universe, loves animals and can talk just about anything and keep going, someone who is truly beautiful within them just waiting on that second half. Not sure, maybe I'm just an odd one.    


Phlebotomist - w4m



You asked about my last name. My iron level was low...again.
You're friggin cute with your little shaved head and your pretty smile :)



Pig N' Sprout - m4w



You were at the bar doing paperwork and having wine, I was in a meeting and not able talk, but would love to meet back for a glass of wine anytime !!    


Its always been you - m4w



My clothes smell like you... Imdyin here..............I would have given you every chance wait I did I stood by your side strongly through all your shit...I tried to protect you but not from myself........Another day has passed and another day i long for you    


Vail bus - m4w



We looked at each other and smiled several times. You waved at me when you got off the bus. I really want to see you again.    


Aaron - m4m



Thanks for bringing back good memories of a different time the other day! You don't know it, but you actually helped me and I wanted to say thank you.   I know now, like back then, on so many different levels you drive me wild. It appears we will never see each other again. 

 I really hope that is not the case and that we do.   Be good to yourself :)    


tall / dark hair with pink highlights / Union Station - m4w



We exchanged glances at Union Station as you were walking toward the escalators 

I thought you were an old friend who moved away from Denver but you're obviously a taller and more beautiful look a like :) 

Let's grab a beverage sometime ...if nothing less to talk about your kick ass hair curles...I'm the Spanish guy with a black coat and jeans ....typical guy wardrobe :)    


24Hr this morning - m4m



We met this morning at about 9:45 in the locker room and you followed me to the steam
I told you I'd write you here.
Tell me more about me/you/our encounter so I'll know it's you



Indian hot springs - m4m



We talked for a short bit outside the shower area. In town from the Bay area 

Hit me up - I remember your name as well (just won't put it here)

Let me know if you're up for getting together 

Blond, blue, 6'2, 190#, white here. 



Denver Frontier Airline Employee  01/02/17 - m4w



January 2nd you were sitting in 13b and I was right next to you.  Frontier flight 939 PBI-DEN  5:55pm PBI departure.  I should have gotten your number.  If any employee of frontier knows how to look up the contact info of this employee from this flight and she contacts me and we meet up, I'll give you $500. not kidding!    


You work at the apartments I live in - m4w



Ever since I've met you I've been fantasizing about you you seem like a beautiful spirit and you are beautiful on the outside as well.  You asked how my job is. we spoke about native Indians and you worked/stayed at a reservation

If you by chance read this, Respond with your name, so I know you are real. Let's please keep it a secret    


FTW arcade downtown - m4w



You work at the new for the win arcade on 16th street attached to lucky strike. You also kinda look like meghan trainor. We talked a little, but it was brief. Couldn't remember your name.    


There's this wonderful woman named Ashlynn... - m4w



There is a wonderful, insanely sexy woman named Ashlynn. She works at least two full-time jobs: a daytime office job, and bartending/restaurant work at night. I'm wildly in love with her and would love the chance to show her how much. If you know her, could you show her this posting? There is a reward for you if you get us in touch!!    


We Connected - m4m



We connected - you were the hot well muscled tatted shaved head stud with the hard ass.  I had to go elsewhere.  Still want to meet you, Ray.    


Because it's Tuesday, bought your stuff at kum and go 120th and holly - m4w



2 months ago at kum and go 120th and holly I think. Your card was declining and you seemed to really want that bag of ice, Marlboro blacks and red bull. I paid for your stuff, because it was a Tuesday. Was just feeling generous. Just wondering if you are on here, you are beautiful, would love to get to know you.    


my chocolate queen - m4w



we were chatting through a casual encounter section of craigslist. I sent you a normal pic of me and you sent me a nude of your stunning chocolate pierced body. Reply back with my name that i gave you, so i know its real. I want to get together with you. (cap hill)    


Havana Sauna This Morning - m4m



It took us a while to connect at the sauna this morning.  You were giving me a good look in the Crystal Room and the Wet Sauna.  You made the first move on me in the Dry Sauna before we returned later.  Can you tell me what you did?

Would like to connect with you again.    


DU gym this morning - m4m



We made eye contact several times.. then in the locker room shower (wow) I was washing my hands and you were, well washing a huge pole.  Let me know what you look like.  I think you may be str8 like me but be interested in jo/head.    


Chilis waitress - m4w



To the blonde with BEAUTIFUL blue eyed waitress that helped me and my friend today around 1:00; im pretty sure you caught me checking you you a couple times, but honestly i didnt care. You were so beautiful and the way you looked at me with thise eyes i couldnt help but stare. If this is you i would love to chat a lil bit. =) hope your having a great new year!! Hit me up... i left my number on a piece of paper.    


Halloween Night birdsofwar guy - w4m



I was in Denver for business back in Oct and just found out i will be going back in a couple of months. I couldnt help but feel excited and thought of you. I dont know your name or much about you.. You were also wearing a bird mask and costume so couldnt recognize you if i wanted to. I am not much of a drinker and ended throwing uppp all the hard cider i drank once we got to the hotel room. (my apologies!) but i thought of you simply because my life sucks these days and i havent laughed as hard as i laughed with you in a long while. Thought maybe we could chat and when i get back to denver we could have a round 2 with hopefully a better outcome! Let me know our mode of transportation was from the bar to the hotel so i know its you i guess lol orrr just some identifying question to verify i suppose. :)    


830am Tuesday in the waiting room - m4m



Both waiting for our numbers to come up, you in a black running/sweatsuit prob 6'-6.2'....I think we made eye contact-did we?    


amy at the airport - m4w



We flew from Albuquerque to Denver last night.  Our flight was delayed and we talked while we were waiting.  I regret not getting your number    


Looking for you! - m4w




Looking for that special lady, just like me!
I like swiping and running amuck!
(I'm kinda cute too)  haha

Love to hear from you.    


a vision in red at the Halcyon NYE party - m4w



It was after 12 already and the bar was not terribly crowded. You were standing at one end of the bar, on the "hotel side," and I was sitting on the other side. I thought you were with the two guys sitting there. You wore an absolutely stunning red dress. You have lovely dark hair, a great smile and a killer sense of style. I'll bet you are sophisticated and interesting, too. I am sorry I did not speak to you before you left. My sharp black suit would have loved being next to you! I would have, too. The chance you will see this is remote, I realize, but I would be delighted to hear from you.    


Edgehog46 You still around? - m4m



Long shot, but is this you. We used to meet and I would edge you until you blasted your load. You were working at Stapleton Homes. If you see this, PLEASE contact me.    


Re: HLF - w4w



To the author of "HLF" your post spoke to me, in quite a personal way. Can you tell me your name? Your first and last name initials? As you said, you're writing this for closure, I need closure, too. All I ask is for your initials. 

-r    


Tori - m4w



We met on here about a year ago. I answered your kinky little post, drove to your place and you jumped into my blue truck. You like dominant men, and it was only a matter of minutes before my fingers were inside you, your left nipple in my mouth. You swallowed my cum, and told me that I was delicous.
I still wanna fuck.
Get at me    


Carrie Y - m4w



We used to hangout when you lived at the Overlook but lost touch. I was hoping you still read CL missed connections.    


Havana Sauna - m4m



Mike,

I really had a good time on saturday morning with you!  I think you are very handsome and would love to spend more time with you.  Maybe we can hook up again privately very soon...

Hope you see this!

Keith    


J looking for J



Hi J. Wondering what is happening with you? Maybe you lost my info? or maybe you had to go into hiding for obvious reasons. Hope those two pups are still with you.
Just thinking about you and what path you are on?
You'll know what to say if you are you. 



sidewalk (iii) - m4w



bounding off to a new light
you recede like yesterday's news cycle
in this moment it seems
the light within finally snaps to 'green'
(two forward one back)    


Breakfast on Broadway - m4w



We made eye contact several times. You were with someone. I hope to see you again.    


French Quarter Freestyles - w4m
Kristy at DIA Monday Night waiting for bus to Pikes Peak Parking Lot - m4w



Hi Kristy,   I met you waiting for the bus to Pikes Peak parking lot late Monday night.  You just returned to Denver from Arizona and Skied at Flagstaff Mountain.  You work at Lutheran Hospital as a nurse.   I would have liked to exchange contact information but the crowded bus let you slip through my hands.   Please email me.  Hal    


Its always been you - m4w
128th and Washington - w4m



I held the door for you at the gas station on the corner, at about 11:30 Monday night (12/26). You said "Thanks" I said "You're welcome". We both headed east on 128th to Colorado Blvd. I was hoping the light would turn red and when it did I changed lanes so that you would pull up beside me. You made a left though, going north on Colorado.
I was driving a Pontiac Grand Prix. I didn't get a very good look at your car, because you were either behind me or beside me. It looked like a Hyundai Elantra though. It was definitely grey and had tinted windows. 
Send me a message with style of music you were listening to at the light, before we went separate ways.    


Target - Belmar. Starbucks Worker - m4w



You had tan jeans on with a black Sports Authority bag. We walked in at the same time and I let you go first. We both took the stares and I was right behind you. I may see you again there and have to talk to you but I thought you were one of the cutest girls I have ever seen. Just wanted you to know that. If you see this for some reason let me know what time you went to work or where you went first.

You are very very cute    


Flight OKC to Denver - Asian Guy - m4m



Hey we're on the southwest flight from OKC to Denver tonight (Monday 1/2). I was the bearish dude who sat next to you

You:  Asian guy, gray sweats, OKC Thunder hat.  You watched the game most of the time. 

I thought you were very sexy, not sure what you are into and didn't want to risk embarassing myself or you.  

Hit me up if interested! Tell me what row and what game or something lol    


Natural Grocers Monday  very sexy bald guy - m4m



This is a long shot 
 You were in front of me in line 
and  I found myself staring at you and you seemed to be looking back . 
   Saw you in your car when I came outside but too shy to approach . 
If you are out there .. respond and let's meet up 
I am the tall guy with 5 gallon Spring water bottle ., 
Anyone know a very sexy Shaved head guy driving an Audi and seems to love veggies, fruit and pizza lol ?? 


Justin here    


The Crimson Room NYE I finally let go.. - w4m



2017 Started with what I needed the most - to be able to let you go from my heart.
 You said you we're going to be in the mountains but funny enough we ended up at the same place for NYE, you were in the corner back booth with a group and a seemed to be with a blonde that was not me. We locked eyes once for just a second then you snuck out looking the other way with your crew a few after midnight. I was to in shock to go up to you and say anything and honestly didn't want to believe it was you I still don't in ways. But it was the best thing to happen my heart let go it wasn't that you lied or didn't want to even say hi to me but I finally realized that you were not my lost love. You were you, and nothing like him when it came down to your actions... in so many ways you reminded me of him your height, your looks, your kinks the most.. I craved it and still do. But for you it will mostly always be fantasy of what you want.. and I will always make things a reality Im wild as you know in my ways of love. You see my partner was like me he couldn't let go his heart loved to much some would say and I am the same.. You tease me and lead me on I and I needed it in ways myself I was holding on to all I could. 
You say your not good with emotions but in ways I think you feel to much and don't know how to express or give in to it. either way I let you go, you deserve a women you can have kids with a settled life with something that looks good on paper and in photos, clean and crisp.. Your not what I need either I wanted you to be so bad, but my wild heart needs someone who will hold me tight and never let go.. You never even got to the hold me part.. I just couldn't see it from all the fog.. 
Goodbye Matt 
thanks for being someone I could see part of the man I loved in.



apartment gym - m4m



we said hello to each other at the apartment gym tonight.  we were alone for a while and you left when some other people came in.  hope I find you again    


Former Olympian/Olympic Coach - mw4w



Ok, so this is not the typical post that goes in this category, but here we go!

We were Staying at the DTC Embassy Suites last night and we noticed a person that must have been a former Olympian/Olympic coach - USA jacket, AOC shirt, and Olympic rings calf tattoo. We wanted to ask who you were because it was apparent that you were one of the two (Olympian/Olympic coach) and probably would be open to talking about your story. Anyway, you looked familiar and we just wanted to say hi, and thanks for your participation in our country's representation in the games. It looked like you had your hands full with several kiddos - we did too and that was why we didn't have a chance to ask. 

anyway, good luck on the rest of your trip!

A & B    


We met at Decadence - w4m




You will probably never see this but I figured it was worth a try. It was your first rave experience and I thought we hit it off pretty well. I first came over to let you try my glasses (told you that it didn't look like you were having fun) and later when I was sitting on the floor (listening to Tiesto) you came to talk to me. I was older than you and you guessed my age. I was with someone but of course not relationship wise but we did have to leave in a hurry because I had to catch my flight back home. I'm really sorry I didn't get to talk with you longer because I really enjoyed your company and you were very handsome. I think you said you were from Texas. Anyway, if you think this is you and you were interested in talking please reply with what you said you were going to school for or what I was wearing so I know it is you. Hope to hear from you    


Galaxy S7



Lost Galaxy S7 in the women's restroom of the Costco off of Havana & Florida. 
There are invaluable pictures of my children on that phone and there is no way to recreate them... 

$200 REWARD, NO QUESTIONS ASKED

It is a black-grey phone with a screen protector, in a black otterbox.
You can respond to this posting via e-mail, or call my husband    


Hot Chick A Latte - m4w



I seen your picture on the job ad on here and would like to know if you are single and if so would you be outgoing enough to respond back with your picture name and phone number. The coffee was great by the way.    


Saw You at king Soopers - I am a Middle Eastern Guy - m4m



Hi there ! 

I saw you today (Monday) at king Soopers on South University Blvd. I am a Middle Eastern guy with a black beard on, I was wearing a red jacket. When I left the parking lot I said hi to you from my car. 

I tried to ask for your number, but I was too shy to ask. 

If you see this post please hit me up. I would love to meet you in person. You so adorable and hot. 



Zoe volunteer w/ a hernia - m4w



As far as volunteers go U were as interesting as it gets. Hoping 2 get a look at your Art someday & thought u may see this to exchange social media info. 

I posted here because:  

I only know a first name. 

Volunteers dont usually come back. 

Especially when they live in the Styx like u do. 

Ttys 




Bladium gym Stapleton - w4m
A ring,a hoodie and sweats - w4m



That's all I have to remember us plus pictures because I was a picture whore lol took a million have them on facebook and instagram, but personally all I have is a Ring, the hoodie and the sweats you got for me ohh and two very important but small things you got for me when you were out of town, I miss you. That is all.    


let's not keep things separate - m4w



Slipping in and out of consciousness and still all I think of is you. I know I've been loving and sweet then I've been mean too. Do you understand that I love you and would do just about anything for you? I love you, please just focus on that and I will too. I love you. I want to marry you and not that long ago you wanted to marry me too.    


Mushroomhead concert - m4w



I am looking for a Beautiful blonde that I had a great time with.  You disappeared when I was getting a signature. I was in all red. You work for the post office    


Still loving you M - m4w



M

My love for you is still strong.  I am more confused then mad cause I don't know how in a split of a second our relationship was over.  All the problems that was caused to me was untrue and unnecessary.  I would never would stop you from what would make you happy even if it hurted me deeply.  

J    


G missing you - w4m



Missing you G and realizing my affection for you was one-sided especially once I learned that you are still encumbered. 

You taught me that I can love again. I just wish this part didn't hurt so much. 

I wish you the best even though there are times when I want to go to your front door and ring the bell. But I never would...

M    


GameStop off Colorado -- leather and fur - m4m



You assisted me with an action figure purchase today around 3pm. You liked my jacket...and I liked your smile. ;-) Drove up from the Springs. Glad I made the trip. Happy new year, bud.    


Blond guy in black hat and t-shirt - m4m



We were both at Walmart on Grant Sunday about 12:00 p.m.
You were blond with black hat and T-shirt and tats on your arms.  You were with your lady and kid.
We were both shopping produce, you looked at me a couple of times, probably didn't mean anything.

I would like to say you were very hot! If you were ever down to hang with a DL bud, watch porn, have a beer, and get serviced, I'd would really be down for that.

I was older and wearing a brown jacket.
If you happen to see this and are up for meeting, let me know what letter was on your hat, or besides black, what color was on your shoes.    


Midtown Spa last night - m4m



Last night had fun!  Started with you in basement, sucking your great cock, then I took it deep, then we reconnected a second time.  Where was that, and then what did we do?    


Jennifer K. - m4w



Jennifer, we met/dated a few years back and I'd love to reconnect......apparently I need to write more!    


Monday Denver swim club 1/2 - m4m



Hey not sure if this will work but wanna see if I can get in contact with you. We messed around in the backroom and then after that we went to the hot tub and chilled. And in the hot tub you asked about my tattoo. What did you ask me? Then we met back in the sauna and then moved to a private room for some fun. I wanna meet up again. If you see this. Let me know what u asked me in the hot tub and maybe tell me about the room we went in.    


SKOR, I miss you still even after 25 years - m4w



I still think your my soulmate! Even though we have been divorced 25 years, I miss you like it was yesterday. Though I'm sure you'll never read this I'm putting it out there. I'd give anything to wake up with you on 8th street in Oklahoma again. I know your remarried and have two kids now. I'm divorced from my second for over a year now. We made 18 years of course the last two I had a different address than her. She moved to Florida with my daughter two years ago now. Losing you almost killed me, having my daughter move a thousand miles away brought me the same pain. Her mom and I never really got a long. I tried to hard to get along with her because of you, I think! I was to young when you and I married, I thought of myself more than anyone, what I'd give to be the me now back then. Or at least a combination of the two. My recent ex came home one day and said "I think you should move out. Your to nice, all you do is compromise to make me happy and I'm f**king sick of it!" Doesn't sound like the me that you had does it?
So I dreamt of you last night, first time in years. It was so real, I woke up missing you as much as ever. You know come April it would have been our 30 year anniversary! I'm jealous of people that are still married to their high school sweetheart. Mine doesn't even speak to me any more. I don't blame you now. I was to self centered and thoughtless, took you for granted. You had ever right to find someone new. There is so much that I regret in life, losing you is probably the biggest but at least you were mine for awhile. I pray that I'll find someone that I feel about the way I do you!
Sorry for my rambling to anyone who reads this. I could go on and on but just wanted to say I miss you and I'm a better person because of you. If we aren't to be anymore in this life I know I'll see you in the next and hopefully I don't make the same mistakes! I'm sorry for being me 25 years ago and wish nothing but the best for you and yours for all your years to come. I'll love you till I die, George Jones- He stopped loving her today............... All my best love    


Perkins?! - w4m



Hi there... 

I never post but I felt compelled to today. I saw you at Perkins in Westminster in a corner booth today (01/02/17) with what seemed like family. I was there with a friend. 

We made eye contact several times and I would love to get to know you. :)    


Missed your name at Natural Grocers - m4w



You were giving samples of your hibiscus juice this past Friday. You mentioned something about my daughters eyes. What was my response to you? I think you said you may live in Boulder. I just wanted to say that you are beautiful.    


beautiful - m4w



Harlie joe you are beautiful. I talked to youI randomly. Would love to get to know you better. Message me if you are interested. Im the one that is stuck till Monday    


you massaged me about a year ago - m4m



You were a bit younger than me...You had a massage table and space set up in your apartment.
I was on my back home from a ski trip and you gave me a massage for fun...It was a blast.
I wish I had kept your info, sorry.
I'm fifty four, five eleven one seventy five,  thirty two  waist, 7...white guy...
Your apartment was on the 2nd floor in a residential neighborhood...    


Blake Street Tavern watching Broncos - m4m



Long shot but we sat next to one another at the bar. Very doubtful you're gay or even bi. Hot as fuck though. I'm down to just hang out if you're straight. You're cool. Tell me two things so I know it's you. 
What shot were you doing?
What's the first letter of your name?




Amy at Children's hospital - m4w



This is crazy.... but here goes. Ever since I met you I haven't been able to get you out of my mind. You are so beautiful, I caught myself getting lost in your eyes everytime you entered the room. We got to chat a little and felt like maybe there was some chemistry. I know this is a total stretch but if you happen to see this I hope to hear from you.    


Crimson and Gold



I was at this bar maybe 6 months ago.  There was a short bartender there. Blondish. Great body. Tattoo on thigh.
I don't recall her name. I want to find her. I want to take her out. Can anyone help me ??? Any info u have?    


Friday Night - Ocean Prime..at the Onyx Bar - m4mm



I ate dinner at the upstairs Onyx Bar Friday 12/30. You 2 guys were sitting next to me..looked like you were on a date. I was wearing a wine colored sportcoat, black T shirt and cowboy boots. Been curious lately and couldn't help but notice you guys..I should have said hi. Not much chance you will see this...hope I hear from you.
If this isn't you but you were there that night...hmu.



Desperately seeking Ashlynn...(please help!) - m4w



There is a beautiful, smart, funny, insanely sexy woman named Ashlynn. She works all the time - at least two full-time jobs: an office job in the day, and bartending/restaurant work at night. I'm wildly in love with her and would love the chance to show her how much. If you know her, could you show her this posting? Her pet is going crazy without her, and would do anything to please her and make her smile. 
kitty    


need released - m4w



I am looking for some fun. I would like to meet in public or at your place. I am serious not a fake. I would like to meet ASAP. 

Thanks for looking    


RE:Mask party in midtowne - m4m



Hey -  I think that was me.  Were you the guy in a black mask and white towel?  What was I wearing?    


Dark hair beauty at VS - m4w



I was totally speechless when you said those panties wouldn't fit you. The only thing I could say was "no?" and my mind started wondering how you would look in them. I started to blush a little bit. I couldn't keep my eyes off you as you wondered around the store. I thought you were extremely beautiful.    


Applejack Liq - m4w



You came in to where I work and we hit it off.  You've got a great smile!  Hit me up and tell me something about me specifically, so I know it's you. ;)    


To "M" at Castle Rock Chili's - m4w



You waited on my son and I on Halloween, and I almost asked if we had met before. You had a Dallas jersey on, and I thought you were incredibly sexy....I have to admit I immediately felt something for you!  I'm guessing that you'll probably never read this, but if you do, please don't hesitate to drop me a line...maybe something fun could cum out of it!    


You used to send me pictures - m4mw



I know it's a long shot, but I'm looking for the couple that was sending me pictures a while back.

She really enjoyed it and it gave you're intimate relationship a boost.

We were getting close to meeting for drinks to see if we all hit it off in person.
And then we lost contact.
Believe me, it wasn't intentional.

I would love to get back in touch with you.    


Happy Birthday  (new years) - m4w



I told myself I wouldnt do this, but... 

This is not some dissertation about how we should get back together.  I more than certain that ship has sailed long ago. But I still miss you. And after all of these years I still love you, just like when we were young. Believe it or not, you still hold my heart. 

I truly hope you have found happiness. I worry that I damaged you too much to really let go and fully trust and love with all your heart. I am genuinely sorry for that. As for me, well content isnt the right word, but Ive accepted my fate. Maybe someday the clouds will part and once again Ill be "ready" for love. LOL, but Im not holding my breath.

Moving On.    


BABYGIRL - m4w



I messed up a long time ago, and I let you get away. I'm tormented everyday, and every night, and by every moment in life that I have to go through without you there. The only good memories I have in my life are the ones I made with you. I have never been so devastated as I was when I heard you were marrying another man a couple years ago, truth be told I almost killed myself then and there. Admittedly I was relieved when I heard that it fell through, I knew it didn't mean I had a shot; but it meant I had hope for a shot. When you're living a 6 year nightmare like spawn with wanda just out of reach, hope is worth a lot. I absolutely messaged you trying to put some of those pieces back together, it didn't go well. You haphazardly talked to me, mostly implying the best I could hope for was a very distant friend zone, and maybe we could do coffee someday. but the emphasis was always on maybe and someday. That's all I really wanted, a legitimate chance, if i mess up again so be it. The Pics are the claddagh ring that I had made out of the black diamonds we had when we lived in our first apartment, pretty sure that's what you said you wanted to do with them. I was going to give it to you when I say you, (not like that, if we got that far I would have gotten you a much nicer ring, this was more like making up for not giving it to you a long time ago) but every time I brought it up you got quiet. Meanwhile here I am wanting to build "Laura's first dream home", and try to start a family. Where was this initiative before right? We both wanted kids when we were together, you just didn't want them then, or didn't want my kids; I don't know, and I probably never will. I spent most of Oct, Nov, Dec, getting the shit kicked out of me, about 50/50 literal and metaphorical, that's not unusual since it's all been one big force 10 disaster since we split all those years ago. After a particularly bad incident, I went looking, hoping for attention from the only person who's opinion matters to me, you. You were sick or busy or just talking to someone else, I don't know; doesn't really matter, as noted earlier friend zoned as hard as could possibly be. Coupled with posts about how annoying ex b.f.'s popping up is, and how you have things to say but don't want to start a fight. I severed contact with you again, hell, I know you love your phone; and you never had any interest in talking to me in anything other than a couple short txts, I really thought that was what you wanted. Of course I was wrong (apparently) I always am. Now I hear how you may in fact have been thinking of me, maybe not the whole time, but at some point. I'm hearing that you were considering giving me a chance the whole time and that the cold shoulder you constantly gave me was playing hard to get. Every signal for you said I wasn't wanted and wasn't welcome, if only I had known what you were thinking. I blew my chance and I never even got one, ain't that something (I mean seriously, classic me right)! Now I'll spend forever alone with your name tattooed on my hand, and my heart; I Won't bother trying to contact you again, I'm sure your too pissed at me in general to care what I have to say, not that anything I say matters anyway. Just know that I wish you all the luck in the world, and nothing but happiness in your future, even if it is with someone else; And I will always love you from the bottom of my heart. I'm sorry babygirl I failed us both.    


Ameristar HotTub 12-1-16 - m4w



White girl at hot tub with her man. I just wanted to let you know you are sooo beautiful and sooo damn hot!!!! Eventho i was with my wife i couldnt keep my eyes off you!!!!! I know you also saw me looking at you a couple times. I hope you read this and you can message me if youd like. Give a little quick description about me.    


Beauty in Eagles shirt at Airport baggage claim - m4w



I hesitated and didn't ask you your name and introduce myself. Im tall and had all black on. I had plenty of oppurtunities to approach you but didn't, even though we were waiting for over an hour for bags. If you see this, then I know, I should have. Hit me up.    


24 hour fitness - m4m



you work at the front desk late nights. Not sure if your gsy bi or Straight.  You were there this morning. I was there at 130 a.    


We work together I'm older - m4w



Hi! Just like the title says,we work together,we had dinner about a month ago and ended up having sex at my place,you are way younger than me. I just want you to know that I really enjoyed making love to you and I would love to spend more time with you. I know you feel weird about it now,but,trust me I do like you and we can take it slow now. It's been a bit weird,confusing at work,but I do enjoy working with you and checking you out all the time. 
You made the end of 2016 so special! 
If you read this,you already have my number and you know what to do. Hope to hear from you soon A!    


Guy at target Glendale NYE - m4m



Hey man you had a big ass and I was checking you out a LOT! 
I was with my sister so I couldn't talk to you and we met a couple of times through the store. You had greenish pants and they went well with your body. 
I was the one with a black hoodie. Let me know what kind of car you drive. I saw you out and we parked near. 
Looking to forward to talking to you.    


Meadows 12 - Rogue One - m4w



We sat next to each other tonight, purely by accident of assigned seating. It was about half way through the movie before I realized that you were sneaking caresses to yourself between your legs.... 

...I was totally caught off guard. I hadn't really taken the time to even look at you since you were clearly with your parents and I had my kid with me... it was just a totally unassuming situation.

I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me until I saw you sneak multiple glances at my package. It was then that I realized the basketball shorts I was wearing were pretty thin, and outlined everything a bit too well in the theatre lighting...

So, I started to look at you, I could tel it flustered you, that you were getting nervouse... but you kept sneaking momentary caresses between your legs. I couldn't tell how old you were, maybe 18 or 19 judging by the shape of your thighs that you were clenching in frustration..

I found myself getting just uncontrollably turned on. And you clearly noticed my cock starting to throb. I think we both had visible pain on our faces. Obviously there was no way we could connect - me with my kid, you with your family. 

But, in the off chance you see this, please, by all means, let me know, because I am still imagining your hand as mine between your legs, those beautiful lips wrapped around my... 

When I walked by you after the movie, you avoided eye contact... I hoped you had written down your number or email when you went to the bathroom and would hand it off... I couldn't initiate it, your family was right behind me!! 

Anyway, one of the most erotic and exciting moments I've had in a long time.. regardless, I'm grateful for that.    


New Year Eve - m4w



I was busy taking pictures of people all night, I had to take a break at a corner of the 16th mall. You were with your friend. I saw you checking me all the time and before you left, you approached me, and said: "you have a nice camera" and All I said "thanks" that was stupid. However, I would love to make it up to you and take you out this time. 

Please tell me what you were wearing, what I was wearing, and what corner of the streets we were at. Thank you.    


atlas construction supply - m4m



I live in the neighborhood I pass by there many times a day and drool over the sexy couple of Hispanic guys that work there anyways I would like to suck your cock till you bust down my throat and then let you bend me over and pound away till you bust in side of me would be a hot lunch break or before or after work but if you happen to be one of the sexy Hispanic guys that works there let me know what kind of car u drive so I know its you lets fuck    


Go away



Is anyone else tired of seeing "we caught each other staring and I wish I had of spoken to you" posts? It is literally reading a sad 12 year old writing on his/her regrets. Is it one person making all these posts up? Gawd, I hope so. Surely not everyone in Colorado can be THAT weak minded?
I mean, where are the mature post(ers) out there whom truly want a connection? Is anyone else bored to tears reading these middle school diaries?

Any confident people out there?    


My PR Mami... - m4w



I hope he buys you flowers
I hope he holds your hand
Gives you all his hours
When he has the chance
Take you to every party
'Cause I remembered how much you loved to dance
Do all the things I should've done
When I was your man....    


Eather cont... - w4m



I put your fear in my hand 
So I could throw it away
How can this flower now stand
Unless you ask her to stay
What is on the other side
Safety is this life you think
May poetry turn the tide
And bring your words to the brink
You lay the rose, she's not dead
Beneath the lone graffiti
Don't leave a word yet unsaid
Vanquish all conformity
DAM    


Its always been you - m4w
I like country boys - m4m
Denver museum of science and nature - m4w



Im looking for a girl who was at the museum today between noon and closing time. You and i first seen each other in the mummy exhibit. For what ever reason we seem to have a serendipitous meeting through the rest of the day. You were wearing all athletic clothing yoga pants running shoes jacket with white shirt i believe. You were with your sister and mother. I was the taller guy with black jacket and cowboy boots. Well this is a shot in the dark hoping for the best and a chance to have a fortuitous meeting. I just felt a connection. Contact me if youre out there please or if you know of a girl who was at the museum this day shes about 5'6 athletic and little past shoulder length brown hair!    


we sat in the hot tub your tall and so am i - m4w



We sat in the hot tub together your tall and so am i.. Had a great time and omg i wanted to touch you ! Your a really great sexy and smart woman!!    


Sidewalk (cont.) - m4w



Skitter diminutively away with my fear in hand
And I watch your delphinium stare
Right behind the cascading shag
As you bounce safely away from me to the other side
How to lay this rose on love's spent cairn    


Danielle at White Rose Gala NYE - m4w



You stood behind me at the bar waiting for drinks and we had a chance to talk for a few last night (New Years Eve, White Rose Gala at the Opera House).

 I wanted to ask for your number but company stumbled in. Seemed like we had mutual interest. I was the tall, dark and handsome guy grey suit and shirt.    


Zachary - m4m



Hey Zach, I think you know what's up. I've wanted to do stuff with you for a while now. I know you're interested, so if you see this, let me know!
Tell me what nickname you call me so I know it's you.    


Helped you with your door lock at lowes - m4w



I am the contractor who helped you with your door lock issue at lowes. This was on New Year's Day  Would love to talk to you again if you would too.    


Cheesman Park Hookup-Last wk - m4m



You Had a Volvo SUV and I was in a Black Q7 , A Silver haired prof- - we had a quick hookup - it was great- you had a sweet tool- had to rush off, but want to see if you are interested in a more relaxed situation- Contact me if interested- or look for me at the park around 2-3 afternoons- I will be on the look out for you-:)    


guy at the 'we can make rain but no came to ask' installation - w4m



We were watching the installation when others came up and interrupted us. Was hoping one of us would say something after it was over    


NYE Doughnuts around 730p - m4w



Just ahead of me in line...You had dark, curly hair; wearing white jeans/pants with open-toed sandal heels...Super attractive and super sexy...

I helped out with something when you first arrived...

We did share a couple of glances and eye contact...

What are the chances of you reading this?

What did I help you with? What was I wearing (pretty obvious)?    


Christmas Flight - m4w



I've never done this before and guessing you will probably never see this, but what the hell.  

You were one of the flight attendants on my Christmas Day flight from Denver to Chicago. We chatted a few times.  Maybe you were just being nice, but I thought you may have been flirting.  Especially after we ran into each other again on the hotel shuttle.    I was traveling with someone, so I couldn't really flirt or chat more.  Had I been alone, I would have definitely asked you if you wanted to get a drink because I definitely think you are sexy. 

Any chance you would want to take me up on a rain check for a drink the next time you are in town on a lay over?

If so, let me know your name, flight number and what your coworker was helping you with after the flight so I know it is you.




RE:  i missed you because we havent met yet - m4w - w4m



I'm sure you'll be fighting the women off with a stick. That picture of you with a joint hanging out of your gaping fly catcher will give all the bitches a wetty, for sure.    


RE: The Struggles of CL



Why don't you take your whining to rants and raves? This is missed connections. This isn't a "dating" section. It's a section for finding someone specific. 

GTFO    


Lost your phone number - m4w



We met at your place on south Federal.   You gave me your phone number.  I lost it and want to meet you again    


Noble Wine and Spirits - w4m



You came into my work and I was your cashier. You were so nice and handsome. I believe you were flirting with me , but it was busy  and you caught me off guard and my anxiety got the best of me. We talked about your age and military experience. I hope you come back on and talk to me again. I wish my anxiety wouldn't have gotten the best of me.    


i missed you because we havent met yet - m4w



I'm writing in missed connections because we haven't met yet. I only ask you to be loyal and as down for me as I am for you. you can talk to me anytime or message ate oh tree slevin two nina slevin ford sex slevin    


The Russian Latina - m4w



I've haven't done this before. They say you are attracted to your soulmate. I don't know if it was you, but I had to take a chance today.

I couldn't ask you out for professional reasons but I would if I could. Your name was like a rare artwork, a novelty. Alushka. I don't obviously know any more about you than how beautiful you are and what you shared. 

If nothing else I wish you well.    


Kona Grill Waiter on NY Eve - m4m



You were our waiter on NY Eve and there were 3 of us for dinner. All 3 of us ordered some sort of chicken dinner with our sushi appetizer. I just thought you were good looking and appeared very nice. I believe your name is Ethan and I was the one who paid they bill. If ever interested in meeting up let me know.    


Sarah Arellano in Aurora - m4w



Met you recently and must say you are absolutely gorgeous. I doubt you will ever see this and if you did not sure it would matter. Just in case you do though thought I'd let you know.    


I was your Uber from Belmar after 2am - w4m



I picked up you and your friends outside the Belmar movie theater. You showed me a YouTube video. You invited me ok multiple times but I said no. 

If you see this and are interested in getting a proper drink, reply with the video you showed me and the tip amount you gave me.    


Jack Of Hearts - m4w



Darling , 
I hope you are well and that your ventures are giving you satisfaction. I am still your slut as I vowed to you 10 years ago. I miss you so much and hope we can connect again. Love always    


Jess, jenna, Amy .. at Hoffbrau - m4w



Fuck they kicked us out cuz shay was too drunk before I could get a number!

We were dancing & drinking and it was awesome. Sorry, they made me leave! Hit me up    


Subliminal Sonnet - w4m
Tina - m4w



A few years ago we had an awesome thing going.  I think about you sometimes and think we could've had a really good thing.  I understand why we quit talking but wish we still had what we had.  I was into you.  I'm sure you look at these missed connections same as I do.  I called you T for tiny.  Hit me up if you like.  Z    


You failed me - w4m



Love was never an issue for us, or perhaps for me it was never an issue. The words from your mouth lead me to believe we could finally have a chance...after all these years of trying, finally we would try hard to make it work. But yet again, just another lie. Just heartbroken yet again. 

I'm a fool, you used and betrayed me, yet again. For those who read this, yes I am fully aware I allowed this to happen. I am the one who opened the door again to have this heartbreak enter my life. 

I was born in the wrong time frame...where you never give up on the one you love. You hold onto hope that you both work it out. I did just that, held onto hope...I'm such a fool. That's not how relationships work anymore, not this day and age. People are replaceable, can shop for someone new with a few clicks of a button. 

One month in, I get sick, you were somewhat compassionate for one day. You made a shitty comment the next day and you gave up on me. You said you wouldn't but you did. You gave up. The master of word manipulation rises again for everything to be my fault. I'm not perfect but damnit I can at least say I tried...I really did. 

Now, I'm left with my thoughts...just my thoughts about how I fought for someone who won't fight for me. Yet again. 

That's okay though, as much as I have cried, I felt alone...I know now, after 6 years, I am letting go of hope for us. I can't fight for you anymore. You failed me...you failed us.    


Mask party in midtowne - m4m



I fucked you in one of the boths at 12 am
And then you sucked my dick and swallowed
I want to fuck you again    


Wingstop - Southlands last Friday - m4w



I'm 44, was eating alone, working on my IPad, but stealing glances at you... I feel like we connected, but you were with others, so maybe felt that we couldn't chat.

I'd like to chat... You're beautiful!!



Ricky where are you? - m4m



We met years ago, then we were separated by thousands of miles.  After many years I came back home to chill with you and our newly acquired friends... then you abandoned us to the white sandy beaches of Florida with your new friends... luckily your brother and his friends were available to fill the void, but nothing can replace the memories we made with us, your brother, my brother, our friends their friends and so on... Hopefully you'll come home soon...    


Miss your dark forest of shadows - w4m



I miss you a lot. I still think of our very first kiss by train. I cannot forget. Never will I guess. I sill look for you but I know I will never see you again.    


Lyft driver with cool tux shirt and bow tie - w4m



Am I crazy, or were we chatting it up all too easily?  I'm getting ready to leave this party you dropped me off at, nothing but boys drinking like fish.  Blech!
You were suave, hot even, and I found you to be a total silver fox.  OMG.  You were all I could think about during the party.  I even tried a bit ago to hail a Lyft home, but cancelled 3 times quickly when I saw the drivers weren't you.  Probably hopeless to find you that way.  Maybe your read this?  If so, I'm embarrassed but don't want to miss out on a New Years Resolution of mine.    


Lyft Line Ride today from Grove St to Sliceworks Downtown - m4w



Sara,

I hope you see this, I was your Lyft driver this evening with peter in the car as well.  You had commented that you had a bad year and hope the new year is better.  After dropping peter off we talked about what schools we went to and you said Arvada West, and that is where I worked for a year.  If you see this, can you please reply?  Could we be friends and continue talking?  Thanks

Reply with what color car I was driving.    


Monet on Match - w4m



You mssg'd me hours before my account closed so I cannot respond. You have my #, feel free to text.. rhapsody..    


Its always been you - m4w



I cant even let you know how sorry i am and that hurts.  I love you and always will everything left of me has died.  We were starting over TOGETHER YOUR an amazing woman and there has not been a day that goes by that i have not criedbfor you..... I miss you i love you i cant believe myself i cant believe that because of me i will always be alone longing for you waiting for you but youll never come.  The devil had a hold of me that night and a few before and well i was hoping for another chance i can never tell you how beautiful you are how much i like your skin the comfort of your lips our amazing sex again its all pipe dreams that i will always chase ill probably loose my kid court papers already filed my family hates me and ill never see Jaimaica I will always love you and im not sure ill be ok but i justvwanted to write to an empty space and let it know ITS ALWAYS BEEN YOU    


Especially tonight G- - w4m



Bringing in 2017 single just isn't right I got on my pictures on facebook and instagram big mistake I just miss you, G so many have responded but I know they are not you. I fucking need you, and for me to say that means something because I don't need anyone, for months no one can compare there was this look you would give me, that look I just knew you loved me, where and why we fucked up is beyound me I know you don't read these and yet I wait for the day u remember I said I love these, and u look. Or the day you send me a facebook msg I don't look at your profile I just can't my heart isn't ready to know if you have moved on but know for me, for me I will wait until my heart says enough. I love you I have my ring I'll keep it forever, Happy New Year baby hopefully this year brings you home to me.    


I tried - w4m



I tried to make a life with you I stayed on the back burner for a lot longer then I ever should have I gave and gave as you kept taking. I'm a good woman a good girlfriend and you used that to benefit yourself.  I wish you happiness i do and until you fix your issues with women you will never find it.    


Ready for a New Year



If life were different , if we had never met him, if it wasnt raining and getting dark outside, I'd bet we"d  be spending this night together at your home, just the 2 of us, all warm and cozy and snuggled up like we were that one sunny peaceful afternoon. You fit so well with me, remember? Sadly, life isnt different and this is where we are. Happy New Years Eve from afar, love. 
I hope the New Year brings you new things to smile about. 
Be safe and make good choices. Xoxo    


Sweet water Friday 12/30 - w4m



You tall good looking standing watching band.  With male friend (a couple ladies stood with you for a moment) 

Me came later with a gentleman (friend) 

Left at same time you drove a red sedan, me a grey truck.  

Interested? Or were those glances just by chance? 

I find you very attractive.   

Drop me a line if interested and give a detail to let me know it's you! 



Lyft New Years Discount - m4w



Lyft New Year's Discount Code Jason84zerozero2.
I'm single.

Happy New Year!

Nissan Grey    


Puppies - m4w



Saturday morning, South Logan St. Our dogs started chatting and then so did we :) Alyssa?    


Would you hold it against me



If I said you have a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 
If I swore you were an angel, 
Would you treat me like the devil tonight 
If I were dying of thirst 
Would your flowing love come quench me 
If I said you have a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 

Now we could talk all night about the weather 
Could tell you 'bout my friends out on the coast 
I could ask alot of crazy questions 
Or ask you what I really want to know 

If I said you have a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 
If I swore you were an angel, 
Would you treat me like the devil tonight 
If I were dying of thirst 
Would your flowing love come quench me 
If I said you have a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 

Now rain can fall so soft against the window 
The sun can shine so bright up in the sky 
But daddy always told me, "Don't make small talk" 
He said, "Come on out and say what's on your mind" 

If I said you have a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 
If I swore you were an angel, 
Would you treat me like the devil tonight 
If I were dying of thirst 
Would your flowing love come quench me 
If I said you had a beautiful body 
Would you hold it against me 




Steuben's.   3:30 on dec 31 - m4m



Was with my brothers.   I think you work there.  You sat at the bar by us.   We were day drinking.    


Dad with baby at grocery store - m4m



You were holding a baby near the check out area.  You have dark hair and a beard.  We made eye contact several times.  Where was this and what did it say on your cap?    


long time kik chatter never met - m4m



Had great kik chatter. Almost met at fast food but never made it. Married guy with great experiences. Older single guy here deleted everything accidently. Last contact early 2016. Like to hear from him.    


i'll miss u 4ever - t4t



U were and are my everything i gave u my all but wasn't ever enough. I won't ever give up just can't be crying over something that been shown time after time for years now that its not mine. I will b3 waiting for u    


Nordstrom cashier - m4m



Hey! Today my mom and I checked out with you twice. The first time she was returning an item and the second time we were buying something. I know this is a long shot but I really regret not getting your number. You were so nice and had such a cute smile! If this reaches you, I hope you have a wonderful New Years. Maybe we could grab coffee some time?    


Getting gas today - w4m



Why didn't I tell you my name? I wanted to. Tell me where you were going today and where I was headed. I'd love to hear how today went.    


Building crush - m4w



I've noticed you for the last couple months, slim, hot, busty and long brown hair. Not sure what business you work for, but you are HOT. Maybe you've noticed me too. I have an athletic build, mid 30's and complimented you sometime last week. I am pretty sure your name starts with an L    


we are not understanding each other because we are not commumicating - m4w



When we first began talking we told each other we loved each other and wanted to be together. We communicated desire and appreciation for each other. I then failed to be patient for our meeting and you failed to give me any indication when it would occur. I wish you would talk to me so we can save rather than lose this relationship that has not progressed, is stalled, and otherwise will never occur. My job is my job. I don't tell you how to do yours. You will have to give me the same respect or it won't work between us anyway. I hope you can respect that.    


Havana Sauna - m4m



We met in the crystal room. You were checking out my cock. In the dry sauna, you commented on my big balls and asked if they were real. Lol

We are both tall - you were like a lean swimmer.

Let me know if you're going to the sauna again, or I can host at my very private office.    


To the beautiful honey at the liquor  store just now off 136th and Col - m4w



You were with your mom I think. I wanted to talk to you but the place was packed. I hope you see this. If so do you wanna go to a new years parry tonight??.    


Handsome lyft and uber driver, Littleton to Belmar - w4m



That was the best ride, in many ways.  And you said if I texted you, you'd come for me again.  I know I will for you.  You said you'd be on lyft this whole weekend, and yes, I'll try fate again, and leave the office posers at the party early. K    


Whole Foods - Westminster - m4w



Hi,

I saw you at the Whole Foods in Westminster today.
(blue tights .... long blond hair ... pink hat (i think) )

You were REALLY lovely (seemed really sweet. I would love to take you out tonight (for New Years eve) ... or any night.

(Tell me something about our (brief) encounter, so i know it's you)

Thanks,
S.    


Goldstop - m4w



Woman at the bar alone at about 5  I was with others and wished I could have carried a conversation with you. Yo we wearing a dark dress and had the Belgian ale. You were texting back and forth.    


Re: I know you remember



I do remember. Your post was deleted before I can respond. What's up? Want something accomplished? You should really email me. I won't keep asking you to move.    


Mon Chalet Thursday night - w4m



Thursday night at the mon last night. You were stroking your cock watching my husband fuck me. I let you cum on my tummy. The whole scenario was so hot. I keep thinking about it. 

You were cute, white, short hair, muscular and had an average size but super hard cock. I would guess you were about 40? Any chance you would want to come over and join hubby and I? I'm into older guys, obviously. My husband is 41. 

It's new years eve. We live near Wash Park. We will be up late. Tell me what you said that made me giggle. Sorry if I seemed distant at all. I was really tired. 

No other offers from other dudes, please.    


re: for j.j. - w4m



Prolly a lotta JJ's out there, but I know one who is a corporate lawyer, fireman, and collects old slot machines. Sweet, shy, kinda quiet, smart, funny, sexy. Same guy? If so, good luck. I been trying to get him for 3 years. THought he'd be easy, and I heard he'll play - but not with me yet. :( 
And I'm not the only one.    


Soulmate before maybe again - w4m



So I met this guy about ten years ago, all the men in my life were losers, assholes. So I figured oh this party guy, bad boy who says he doesn't want a commitment would be the same as all the rest. So I had my flings (that I regret more than anything) and continued my lying ways which I had started to hold onto people and things I loved in fear of losing them. After nine years of holding in my deceit and realizing this man was different and he wasn't a liar and a cheater like I believed him to be, my conscience started eating at me and killing me on the inside. I couldn't love treating him that way anymore. So I confessed to lying about you name it, lying about how bad my drug addiction become, and confessing about my cheating. I broke his heart, tore him to pieces. I was his only commited relationship he had ever really tried in. I emtered treatment for my mental health issues, for my drug addiction, and my lying. I have had a few setbacks and yes I have relapsed a few times, but I'm determined that I will not be taking drugs, lies, and cheating into 2017 with me. I'm making 2017 great and getting my life back. So babe I always said it was fate, Destiny, meant to be that we met that day, May 5th, two thousand seven, and so I'm going to hold on to HOPE and hope that one day we will meet again because you and me sexy man we're meant to last forever and I promise if fate brings us together again I will be absolutely amazingly wonderful just like you have been for the past ten years! Until we meet again, Goodbye and thanks for the memories. I'll be waiting patiently my sexy, I love you forever. Love, YWF&E!!!    


Fear is negativity
Jordan - m4w



Your my neighbor and I have a confession to make.    I think you have the most natural beauty I have ever seen. Your red hair, beautiful hips and sex appeal,  leaves me lusting for you.   I know your younger than me but if you find this and want to smoke a bowl some day I'd love to sit and learn more about you.  We don't have to tell Stephen or my wife.    


Bus Stop at 100th and Grant - m4w



You were at the bus stop at 100th and Grant on the East side and I was on the west side stop. we kept looking at each other and then you waved to me and I waved back. You were with 2 little kids and had on a brown coat. I would love to meet you and see if we click. If you see this contact me and lets talk. Keeping my fingers crossed.



Parker Costco - m4w



Friday December 23 around 6:30 you were at Costco talking to an associate at the mobile phone kiosk. We exchanged glances and smiles a few times. You have a nice smile and a GREAT butt. Wanna chat? KIK me: mike_hawk_isbig    


sidewalk - m4w



will you still be looking
one day
when we pass on the sidewalk
and you glance
and we both keep on going    


WOMAN AT MON chalet - m4w



You were at the Mon Chalet this past weekend.I thought you were very sexy .I was sitting in a chair and came up and straddled me and starting kissing me
I was there with my wife and I asked to join us but I didn't get the chance to see you again.I would love to get together with you and have some fun.I was a white male,you were very sexy with black hair.



Is this where I b$&! And moan? - m4w



I guess this really isn't a mc but more of I need other people's opinion.  So I see on here and Facebook women complaining they can't find a "good" man.  Well I fit that criteria and still alone!  I'm tall. Dark, and handsome great career my own place, car without a payment lol. I'm turning to you cl, please tell me wtf is wrong lol.  Please give your opinions or your situation.  Thanks    


Avanti missed connection - w4m



You were with your friend heading to Irish Rover. You are so cute and we should have exchanged numbers. Hope you see this.    


Moon Hooch + Turqouois at Fete - w4m
Gas station glance - m4m



I was coming out with a friend from the gas station store and you were pulling in to get some gas. You let us walk across to get to my car and I really glanced at you and you even noticed!! 

Sorry about that but you are a good looking older man!! Let me know what color or car model you were driving. 

Hope you see this!    


Mom at highlabds ranch chick-fel-a - m4w



You were there with like 5 kids. At first I wanted to sit next to you but a booth opened up and I moved.  Was there with family, not love interest.  You caught my eye like a gleam of sunshine.    


St.Anthony north - m4w



You were assigned to sit with my friend who was sick we watched a murder mystery show together, I saw you again tonight and we're extra cute, I never seem to be able to ask you to a nice night out of dinner and dancing, I hope some how fate has you get this, and you don't think I'm nuts for a craigslist missed connection, I might never get to sit and watch another show with you again if I didn't try.    


We work together and share the same name - m4m



We work together, you are a bit younger than I am. We share a lot of interests. I think There is a spark there but due to work regs  we can't say anything at work. We talked today about cars tell me where I told you you could pick up the parts you need to fix your car really cheap, if you want to see where things lead. I hope to hear from you.    


Handsome Kenyan Server at Avenue Grill - m4m



You waited on us on Christmas Eve. We sat at a table for two next to the window. You were fun and charming. Please let me know if you see this ad.    


Black Guy in Green T on Christmas Night at Wrangler - m4m



You're a handsome black guy that was hanging out on the edge of the dance floor on Christmas night. We looked at each other several times but you were with friends so I didn't approach. If it's you please let me know.    


Escape? - m4w
Jersey Girl - m4w



I was stuck in street traffic while driving out to the mountains this afternoon and found myself next to a an attractive blonde who was digging my sick beats and started jamming to the sounds.
I liked the way she moved, so if you ever see this and are interested then send me an email and lets get to know each other.  




Missing her......... - m4w



In July 2012 I met a beautiful woman that was absolutely perfect, and I messed up things with her and will never vet the chance to really show/prove to her I truly did love her. Not even sure she is living in this state any longer, but I hope she gets a chance to see or hear about this post.

I will not say her name out of respect for her, but all she wanted was for me to love her unconditionally. I failed at that horribly, no way worse than that in fact. Nothing I can say or do will chance her thoughts or opinions of me, and I deserve that.

The thing is, she believes I have done things that I haven't as well. If she would just look at how I treated her when we were together, the kindness I had in her presence, she would know I would never say those things. I would never disrespect, talk bad about, or deface her name, reputation, or well being.

If I could just have honestly told her how I felt, or why I pushed away from her always, I would. I was just afraid to have her hate or be disgusted in me.

My beautiful blonde darling. To prove I loved you, I took you to pizza on our first date and kept my hands off you the entire night, with the exception of when we walked down the crowded street and my hand gently meet the small of your back. Yes I still remember that, or you could say I am still tortured by the memory, but I will say it is one of my fondest memories or you.

I know you will never forgive me, and rightfully so......I just wanted you to know I really, and truly did love you and still do.    


King Soopers Applewood - m4w



You were working and I was on the bench at the front of the store.
You have a great smile!  Tell me something about what I was wearing.  ;)    


Fran Robbins in Westminster-call me - m4w



Would love to talk to you again.  Had a good talk, I think made some great contact. Both same age and likes are so the same, both from the WA and OR.  Your Breasts were a great turn on and I am sure my attributes were satisfying. Would love to try some more. Let me know.  Maybe you could analyze me for a change.



Beautiful lady at Mod Pizza - m4w



We caught each other's eyes a few times.  You are beautiful and would love to see more.  You filled out that white sweater perfectly.  Coffee or lunch ??    


Brunnete at Ken Karyl and Carr - m4w



Hello to the beautiful curly brunette at the stop light wearing a ball cap at KC and Carr you made my night when you waved tat me    


B 2500 - w4m
Best haircut ever - m4m
You went to Wells Fargo - m4m



Hey so I'm looking for the Hispanic guy that made eye contact with me as you were walking out. You looked back at me twice and smiled I smiled back. I work at the branch you went to tonight. Thought you are very cute and would like to meet up and see where things go. Went out to the parking lot but didn't see what car you got in.

You were wearing a blue shirt with a black jacket tell me what I was wearing. 

Hope you see this    


Jose - w4m



We talked for like 4 weeks. We were supposed to hang out this weekend in Houston. We got disconnected and I can't find your email address. I guess if you read this and are still interested shoot me an email.    


Batman tat at Walgreens - m4w



You were a cute gothy girl in line, and I commented on your Batman logo on your hand.  I was so damn close to seeing if you'd like to grab a coffee, but it looks like you had some errands to run and were in a bit of a hurry.  Plus, I just got out of the gym and I was less than presentable.  You clearly knew your comic book heroes, and that sealed the deal for me.  

In the unlikely event you ever see this, would you like to grab a drink sometime?    


Wells Fargo Dry creek - m4m



Really just curious at this point. I come to the drive-thru for work some mornings. You're 20's, blondish hair. You ask me how work is going. You're always nice, but in a casual way that goes beyond client small talk and really seems like you're always flirting. I drive a small black SUV, shaved head.    


T.A.C - m4w



Please communicate, I have no way of reaching you, I can show up but, your boys may not like that I heard you are single. I miss you please please text me I know you have to have my number if not find it!!!!!    


Bartender on Colfax - w4w



Your a bartender on Colfax at a very lively place some nights. I love your sarcasm and I've tried to flirt but not sure you've noticed. I'm smaller, long dark hair and I'm kinda pale. Hit me up if you see this.    


When you are proud - w4m



I remember being so proud To be with you, I didn't care what anyone thought, I wore my title as ur "ol lady" with pride, swallow yours for this once and come see me, or FB msg me something do not let us go..I guess I mean don't let me go, we can do this no matter how long it has been and it's been awhile it's time swallow your pride for me for us    


Hey jolene - m4w



I met you in salt lake city. I'm sure you remember me. Would be nice to get in contact with you. Hope to hear from you...... zach    


Tall Blonde Goddess Starbucks - m4w



Thursday 11am You were at Starbucks at Belleview Promenade posted up with a friend against the building. I was in black T at a table catching up with a friend. We exchanged glances, you were talking about how your Spidey Sense was tingling. Describe your ensemble so I know it's you.    


Demi - m4w



Don't know if you check these ads. But it's a chain which gives great visual effects. Really enjoyed your services would like to talk with you more.would love to seeyour tatoo on right arm. Reach out    


Saw U at King Sooper - m4w



You were wearing a top with a B/W pattern.  UR very attractive, I should said something, my mistake.    


String Cheese and Big G show. Danielle/beautiful - m4w



You started dancing around me and i didn't have the courage to talk with you for whatever reasons at the time.You eventually left the other way.I couldn't let myself let you walk away without at least having a word with you. I walked towards you and asked your name and...Hopefully I can see that beautiful face in person sometime soon.    


Tracks last night - m4m



I danced with you a little at the beginning of the night last night. You were with a girl. I was wearing a white jacket. I saw you later in the alley and we locked eyes for a while but then your friend took you inside. You're absolutely beautiful and I'd really love to meet up again sometime, for anything. I've never posted one of these, but I can't get you out of my head. Tell me what you were wearing.    


Looking for mon Chalet Fireball from last night - m4w




Was at Mon Chalet last night. There was a gorgeous young woman there who displayed quite a fiery side. Before I could exchange contact info we parted ways and would like to reach out to find her. She and I had chats about specific tattoos. If you are her or you know of her please have her contact me. Would love to get together    


California Pizza Kitchen - m4w



It was Thursday.
We kept looking at each other from our respective tables.
You are a gorgeous lady with amazing eyes.

I know you'll never see this, but I had to post anyway.

If by some miracle you see this and are interested in talking, how many people were at your table, how many at mine?    


Cute guy at Trade last night - m4m



We made eye contact a few times last night, you were sitting on the pool table kissing a older guy , as I was leaving I looked at you and we made eye contact again....I was turned on...would love to meet up with you... If you see this contact me and let's meet......    


Chilli's 32nd and Youngfield - m4w



You were at the bar with an older woman Thursday night.  I was at the bar with an old girlfriend of mine, that is just a friend.
You and I shared some eye contact and smiles, along with a couple of LOLs.
Would love to chat it up with you and maybe more.  
Describe something about me specific, so I know it's you.
;)    


Guys who respond to random missed connections - w4m



It's fine if you respond - But when you respond to a post that's clearly not for you, then ask if I'm real, you are being very rude. 

If the post isn't for you, why are you asking if I'm real? Why does it matter if I'm real, if the post isn't for you anyway?

Mind your own business.    


Cricket !!!!!



Looking for Cricket. Used to Run at the Mothership. Didn't know you quit. Longshot.    J    


Cool Woman at Crema - m4w



You were standing outside smoking a cigarette. I was in a blue puffy; came in to wait for AAA. Sat near you and your partner. Gawd you're gorgeous. Probably not the type to get on here though. 

Here's a shoutout to all you cool women at Crema. You are all so goddamned hot.    


For j.j. - w4m



I Can't stop thinking about you.  Even though I have tried.  I think you are incredibly sexy and you make me laugh.  I wish something would happen already.  I'm starting to get restless.  I know you will never see this but I had to just throw this out into the Universe.    


BBRT - Neg Breeding - Mike S - m4m



You know who you are and what you crave. Let me open your hairy jock ass with my BWC. I host. You know where to come and I know where to cum. NSAS4MSNB.    


Boss Blonde B-Girl at Peanut Butter Wolf



You were the first girl to step into the ring when the B-boys were dancing. Though you clearly had sick moves, I also got the vibe that you are confident, intelligent, well-spoken and probably care about interesting things. But maybe I'm being a little bit assumptive... Regardless, you're cool and I wanna be on your level. 
I was wearing a red shirt and had my hair pulled back in a headband. We left around the same time; you with two males; I with a femme friend. It probably looked like we were together. When I was getting into my car, you three walked by. I said "Dope moves in there, ya'll". I think you said thanks.

Hope you find this. Would be down to meet you, even in a platonic way. I don't get these kinds of vibes often, but when I do, they're right on the money. 

Cheers    


Met at PT's on Galena Yesterday - m4w



V -

Met you at PT's on Galena and Havana/Hampden yesterday. We had a great conversation while you danced and after. We talked about your past life, what you're studying, and how much we had in common. You had asked me to come and have a "date" with you at your other job, and I had said I would. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to today and I sincerely regret it. Wish I had exchanged numbers with you, like you had wanted. I'm really sorry and I WILL come and see you some other day, and exchange numbers if you still want to. 

E    


Ayana Neptune - m4w



Your fake persona is now blocked from my email account. When you grow up, it will be good for you, but don't bother me unless you have apology. You are worst thing that has ever happened to me instead of the best because of your behavior today. We're over.    


T.w. You are amazing! - m4w



T.w. You are so stunning we have met once. But I see you more on facebook. You have kids, you are fit,  you seem to be so much fun, and always grab my attention. You posted about getting married not long ago! Idk what I wish would come from this but you are amazing. I'd love to know more about you, though I have my own situation!    


I left before... - m4w



... you gave me herpes. 

What's with all the girls with herpes in Denver? Do none of you ever use condoms when you Tinderslut your way through the same 10% of men? 

Jesus. I swear half of you have the herps and the other half just don't know you have the herps.

Get tested. If you are going to sleep around with the same guys, at least know whether or not you are running with the hot-crotch so the next and next and next and next guy doesn't have to spend $80 getting tested because you suddenly and mysteriously found out you are a carrier. 

Seriously sketchy.    


Properly disposing sharps - w4w



To the pixie cut beauty running in and out of health department centers for STD testing, I don't know if what they are saying has any truth behind it.  Yet examining Saturn, its rings, and positioning there may stand some validity in their theory.

I don't ever believe rumors. I tried reaching out to ask you personally, but you've declined the pursuit.

Something to hide?  Not from me, I care.  I'm genuinely concerned.    


Hi Kate - m4w



Hi Kate, I hope you had a nice Christmas. I am sorry we keep ending things in a bad way due to guilt, jealousy, and one of us... me being an ass. I do miss you and hope everything is going well with you!

J    


I like to go fast when i drive - w4mw



I like to go fast when I drive and need to find someone else who does too.. Hmu for more info ok :)    


Missing you this time of year - w4m



M~
Would have been our 10th anniversary the other day. I miss you the most this time of year. It's been a particularly bad week. Sure wish I had you to talk to right about now. I'm not sure if I'm just feeling extra lonely, but I can't help to think about all of my regrets with you. What could have been. What should have been. Sometimes I love you... sometimes I hate you... but not a single day goes by that I don't think of you.  
~S    


Lyft ride from lone tree to aurora - m4w



You requested a lyft ride from lone tree to aurora you just moved here from Wisconsin and we talked a lot during the ride. I was hoping that we could be friends? If you see this please reply with what color car I was driving. I have a broncos beenie hat on.    


Great cock - m4m



Great cock! I was just about to leave and though I'd take a chance and reached out for your cock in the steam room. Damn, it was nice! You eventually blew your load in my mouth: tasty!
We left around the same time, 1p-ish

I'd sure like to be of service to you in the future    


I am looking for you as well - w4m
Like to go fast when you drive? - w4m



New to Colorado and need a friend who likes the thrill of going fast when they drive:) ill pay for the gas because nobody likes a passenger who rides for free. Hit me up for more info    


Gym today at noon - m4m



Long shot! 

You are married. Big tall guy. You were working out today. You had a red shirt and it said coach in the back. 

I was exercising in front of you and I think you were glancing. I was doing squads. 

You are extremely handsome. If you see this and are interested, shoot me an email! 

Tell me more about you describe yourself or discribe me!    


Kirt..where are you - m4m



Hey buddy...taking a chance you'd see this. Missing you man..get ahold of me...where did I live in Denver when you'd come over and let me play a bit. Heres the last pic I have of you    


Wheat Ridge Rec - m4m



So the person I'm looking for was at the Wheat Ridge Rec yesterday. You were about my height and size About 5'9ish Really slim Hispanic. Short hair and clean shaven. We were lifting weights and we made eye contact I thought about asking if you needed a spot but I was too shy. i ran into you in the steam room later on and you talked to me a little but I was with a friend so I didn't really talk much. I was wearing red shorts. If you see this by whatever chance and you ever wanna kick it or something hit me up.    


Starbucks 16th and Court - m4w



You just made a posting before it was flagged. I believe you were looking for some big tips today at Starbucks? If so, I'm on my way over there today, and I would LOVE to give you a tip. In fact, I'm prepared to give you the biggest tip of your life!    


You posted about a woman coming into your office every year. - w4m



So a few weeks ago, a guy posted on here about a younger woman coming into his office every year at this time in Aurora. I have been thinking about it since. I can't find the posting now. This could be me. I'm kicking myself for not responding when I saw it. I am in an open relationship and very interested. Every year I deliver treats to several companies around the metro area, including Aurora. I work for a parts supplier and I visit offices and job sites frequently, but especially around the holidays. 

To the guy who originally posted. Can you please tell me what kind of parts I supply? Maybe tell me what kind of treats I bring? Or just tell me my name? If it's you, you were wearing a black button up shirt with jeans. You gave me a hug and I could feel sparks flying... 

I have to be discrete about this, so I won't be replying to guys who know it's not them, sorry.

If nothing else, I hope you had a Merry Christmas!    


Merry Christmas and Happy new yeqr - m4w



Hey. I miss you. I miss your hugs. The way you smell. The cupcakes. Everything. I miss hanging out, I miss going to concerts, I miss having a friend I could talk to about anything. Maybe next year? Idk. My number hasn't changed. Text or call me?    


Jennifer who worked at bellas in longmont like 15yrs ago - m4w



I worked next to the autoparts store and you used to come in and hang out and we liked each other a lot and went upstairs a time or 2. We lost touch and I would at least like to talk to you again and see how you have been. If anyone knows her please let her know that I am trying to find her...    


Re:J - m4w



Not sure what gives you that idea that I have lost interest? Could it be that I don't call or come over to see you? If I'm not calling or going over to see you that's a clear indication that I'm not interested.  Instead of pining over me go find yourself someone who is more compatible to you and your lifestyle. 
By the way I found someone who makes me happy. Stop trying to ruin that for me.    


nuggets game vrs timberwolves - m4w



You where sitting in front of us with a hat on. Tail beautiful. Couldnt tell if you having much fun but you kept turning and looking and smiling. 

Let me know what section and what i asked if you where giving out rubs on what body part    


BBRT - Neg Breeding - Mike S - m4m



Been awhile since we have played.  I miss our nightly connection.  Loved that hairy ass and muscled legs.  Hope you can take my massive manhood again soon. As always NSA.    


experience nueva - m4m
You were the handsome man at Grand China and Kavasutra Kava bar... - m4m



I really doubt this will ever get to you, but you were at Kavasutra and Grand China on East Colfax on Christmas. You asked me if I had been to Grand China Restaurant before, I wished you a Merry Christmas, you reached out and shook my hand...Damn! I could slap myself for not being a bit more forward, but you were sitting at the table with your friend. You seem like a really nice guy, I would love to take you out to eat and just chat.    


Havana Sauna Wed 12/28 - m4m



We kept making glances at each other in the afternoon. You changed into black Lulu Lemon shorts and a similar shirt. I was getting dressed and trying to get some nerve to approach you. I was the younger muscular guy and you were the bearded muscular guy. 

We were never alone, but even if we would have been I think I would have been too nervous to talk to you--you were crazy handsome.

Odds are against me on this one, but wanted to try...    


Bank bar and grill - w4m



To the man I met years ago. 

I miss you and love you. You were and are my everything. 

After all this time I know it's you and it's always has been. 





Safeway on 104th and Colorado - m4w



You were standing behind me in line you had a cute hat on and a cart full of stuff I was right in front of you only getting 2 things I just wanna say your really Beautiful I would have loved to get your number but I didn't know what to say my mind was already racing I would love to talk to you now if you see this please respond and tell me what I bought I'm 21 have brown hair hazel eyes    


J - w4m



JM

I felt a disturbance in the force, and I knew that you had lost interest. I'm not sure why, but I have an idea. As much as I am attracted to you, I agree that caution is the best course of action. Too many strings that connect to complications. It's for the best, but not what I want. Which, is you. But, probably not even really that, but some idea in my head. I do feel a connection between us, and I think that we could be good for each other. I want to take away some of your sadness.    


24 Hour In Arvada - w4m
Re: In case you are wondering... - m4w



You do get to me a lot actually. Your smoldering gaze sent a craving down into my core. I wanted nothing more than to gaze back deeply into your shining eyes, grab your edging fingers, and be real with you. Time was not on my side this time; maybe next time. You are so very special to me. Do not think you are not.    


Black Snake Moans - m4w



I know your out there, ate you still by the fire? Its dark but I know you still see me. You still have the itch and I will still scratch it for you. You still feel safe with me when you want to be dangerous.  The thrill of the hunt , the obsession of the feel I am there to help you through. The passion in your eyes is what I seek, the intrigue and fear of his dominance that makes you quiver , yet my love and understanding is in your soul. So make it moan I love it when you let it loose. Im still here to keep you safe still here to look into your eyes still here to hold your hand,make it moan lover I am still here to cuddle you at night and understand your desire to make the black snake moan. We will hunt it down I will let him touch you and yeach him what you like, let him dominate you and I will watch you make him moan by the fire like he has never moaned before. 

With love and respect lets sooth your itch again and again.    


You..,, - w4m



FB that's where I wait, I love you. I miss you. Come home. Let's start over. G this is for you.    


Angela from Phoenix - m4w



You approached me at your place of work. It's driving me crazy I didn't ask your plans for New Years or open up and be more personal with you. You were dressed in all black. I had my dog with me. If you by chance see this and are available for a date, respond back with your place of work. Lets do this!!!!    


winterpark ski friend - m4w



Hey we skiied all day together at winterpark and you said you were from colorado and just moved to hood river, oregon. We were both teachers and really hit it off but I took a tumble and lost you at the end. I was dumb not to get your contact info);    


The Cool Kids Are Doing NYE Tonite - m4w



I haven't been to Milk on a Wednesday in ages, and it'd be so much more fun if I had someone to buy a drink or two for. 

I'm early 40s, five-seven, shaved head, a rather awesome beard: attractive to most, and I'll be complimenting it with a slick tie and shirt. 

Pic for pic.    


You felt my eyes on you the entire time... - m4w



You can feel it deep inside, a longing...an itch that desperately needs to be scratched. That's why you are here. That is why I am here. I crave the same things: passion...excitement...trouble...pain and pleasure. That is why I can't stop consuming you with my eyes. You can feel it and it makes you feel free.

Its time to take control, take a risk and pursue our fantasies before its too late and they are gone forever.

Are you ready?    


Iliana - m4w



You helped me get one for free! :) I think you are super cute. Message me with where I met you and what you think my name is.Hopefully you find this.    


NY to Denver flight  on 23rd we sat next to each other - m4m



Hey,

Not sure if you'll see this, but we sat next to each other on a United flight from LaGuardia to Denver on the night of the 23rd. I could feel your leg resting against mine during the flight, and toward the end, we chatted a bit about the movie we were watching, and had a cheers with a drink. I think you are really cute, and wish I would have given you my number. After we got off the plane, I saw you with your friend and we said goodbye to each other and smiled. 

If you see this say hi and let me know the movie so I know it's you :)    


Romantix white t-shirt inside out - m4m



Hey, this is a first for me but you are so smoking hot and I'm hoping you see this.  We played around  twice around 3:00 ish.  I would  like to finish what I started if you want to continue were we left off! I know this is a long shot but thought I would  go for it.    


RE: The Gift of Clarity - w4m



I literally spent hours reading that post. I could not tell if it was for me or him. It sounded like it was for me for the most part, but I was confused by some of it. Specifically, the part about differences. The other thing that confused me was that it took about 2 weeks after my email for you to post. 2 weeks is not a lot of time for someone who is willing to wait 2 lifetimes for you, but it is enough to cast a bit of doubt.

I hope the rest of this will be clear enough.

I am in love with you. Truly, deeply, madly in love with you. I wake up every day and ask myself, "what can I do to be a better man? The kind of man that deserves the gift of you.? If you want me, I am yours.

I am not walking away from you. Your inability to pick of a phone and text, call or email me pushes me away. Telling me you're grateful for me and that I am empowering means the world to me. But if you could just be bold enough to text me, "I choose you.", I could stop tearing my soul to cease the pain.

Please, no more cryptic Craigslist posts. Let's talk to each other instead of at each other.

PS. If you have such an aversion to the phone, I did ask Santa for his & her long range walkie talkies for Christmas................    


Homie, lover or friend



You saw me sitting at the restaurant pouting. You have short black hair, tall and you were eating lunch with someone too. If you recall that day, I was wearing black boots with a black sweater. You tilted your head and smiled at me. You made me stop pouting. HMU if this rings a bell to you. I'd love to get to know you.    


RE re re(Married Herpes man) - w4mw



Nevermind the fact that she did really dirty on her part by commiting adultery with a married man. It was all good til she discovered she had herpes. Sorry! I don't feel  bad for any woman that creates that much chaos then cries wolf.    


Beautiful HD cashier - m4w



You are so beautiful!!! I want to go through your checkout lane each time I'm there.  I watch you and you just make me heart go crazy.  If you know who you are tell me what checkout lane you work.    


You are lucky you are cute - m4w



The world still comes to you, for this you should be grateful. But it will not be this way forever. The younger guys will not give you what you want either. 

You are used to being pursued, being complimented, being fed all kinds of opportunities and options; this will come to pass. Hopefully you will realize that you will need to be able to communicate who you are and what you want and need without expecting the man to draw it out of you with some kind of magic. 

Please grow up. You are hurting other people and ultimately yourself. And consider that your life choices are not exactly easy for a man to navigate, nor do they leave much for you to actually give - though you are convinced otherwise. Or perhaps you are blinded by the years of just having men magically appear and then conform to your life.

You have many, many walls. As such, the game you play is disingenuous. At least be honest about the lopsided proposition you desire. 

I don't think you are a bad person but you are misguided. Unfortunately the results are often the same. And now I am forever linked to your 25-year run through men. 

I am better than that. Some lessons are indeed learned the hard way. Alas, I can't believe I trusted you. Somehow I let myself fall into your innocent girl game.

I wish I would have missed our connection. 

PS, stop texting me like we are BFF's. It's weird. And manipulative. That's what your new Tinder/Match/POF pals are for. Jesus, you girls that want to collect exes like handbags are seriously bent.    


Frontier DEN-PHX Dec 23 - m4w



Sat next to you on the flight to PHX, row 27.  I doubt that you will see this, but thought we shared a couple moments there.  Would love to hear from you.  Pretty sure I saw your name at one point, if you want to share another moment, let me know what your first name is & we can see what happens.    


We both looked back - m4m



You were crossing the street coming back from a run.  We both looked back.  What were you wearing and wear did this happen?

I'm up for safe play man.  We've seen each other over the years.  Let's give it a try.    


Applebee's 40th - m4w



Hi,

We made eye contact a few times sitting at the bar.  You were amazingly beautiful in your sleeveless shirt.  I thought there was an attraction from our flirting but I was too shy to approach you and you seemed too into picking your lunch with your time spent on the review of your menu.  :)  

I'm not sure if you are visiting or live here.  I'm the guy with the beard that was sitting on your left.  If you see this which I doubt you will email me and lets talk.    


range rover beauty / glendale dog park - m4w



You seem fun and those good looks made me look twice in your direction

Let me know what kind of dog you have and his name 

You mentioned you were married but who knows    


Aurora Costco today - m4m



you were the hot older gentleman...we said hello -- i hope we made a connection.

would love to connect again...let me know when and where...

woof...very hot.    


Beautiful Blonde Repulic Plaza - m4w



I've seen you a couple of times in the Republic plaza building, so pretty! Not sure if you are married or not, but hopefully not!    


Darryl of Littleton - m4w



Gal's first name is Darryl (sp.?).. She'd be in her late 50's now..
Blogged at Yahoo Finance for a Bio-tech company back in '99
Her kids were at Columbine High when the shootings occurred.
Other possible residences are Ft Collins and Iowa..    


Re:  I met you (married man) at the Cruise Room, you gave me herpes - w4m



You got the Gift that Keeps on Givin' All Year Round! Merry Christmas!

It is heartwarming to see such solipsistic displays, these lovely collisions of real life and parody that are impossible to differentiate. 

The intrepid barslut is charmed by a man she knows is married, but spreads her legs ("I never do this...") anyhow, and receives rawdog - and all that it entails. Sounds like True Romance! 

But wait, some infraction of the barslut Rules of Engangement has occurred. A hawt married man who spins vulnerability game to perfection, feeds her a wrong number, and goes ghosty into Christmas past, has (GASP!) LIED to her!

Certainly, a complicit cheater and willing, consenting - dare even, enthusiastic! woman is entitled to some level of Honesty from this cheating married man she just met in a bar! How dare he not protect her adult, empowered, strong independent womanly decisions from any and all potential badfeelz and bad outcomes. This sexually liberated woman should never fall victim to any badness from rawdog ONS sex with a stranger she just met moments before in a bar. Revenge is in order!

Her sense of Justice is keen. This cad broke some unspoken rules of barsluttery. And even worse, this STD - a scarlet letter that nobody wants but everybody with it immediately downplays it as a normal, harmless, and most certainly NOT a sign of said sluttery, certainly happened on her first and only time that she rawdogs random guy in hotel shortly after meeting him. Right? I mean, what are the odds of that? Or maybe, what are the odds this was her first time? Or what are the odds that rawdogging strangers you just met may lead to some discomfort, you know, down there...

Either way, she is a Victim! And somebody must pay! 

So guys, when you are lucky enough to meet this woman on Tinder or in some other fine retro cocktail bar where such "ladies" hang out to innocently chat up married men in exchange for $15 cocktails, you should totally believe her when she says she's "not that kind of girl" or that "those days are behind her" or that she "never does this" or that "I like to get to know a man first" or that "she got herpes from a boyfriend who lied to her" or any other of the repackaged barslut lines designed to continue her deluded ride on the carousel of cocks until she's thrown into the wall and resigns to boxed wine at home with her cats, vibrators, and fempowering TV dramas. 

So predictable. These poor lost women. Congratulations on being able to "do what men get to do". So own it. Ain't it grand?

White knights: FOAD. You pussies are part of the problem.    


Subway Lunch Wed - m4m



You were in line infront of me as we ordered Mississippi and 1225. I thought you were cute as hell and very friendly. I know this is a total long shot but I would love to meet up if you were up for it. 

As I paid the conversation changed to discussing chips. Tell me what kind of chip so I know it is you cutie.    


All the chances I've screwed up - m4w



L.       I know I've screwed up any chance I've ever had at you seeing me for anything more than the friend you call when you need something. Don't get me wrong, I get it, I fill the role and I'm happy to, you are a very valued friend and I'm happy that we're closer now than we have been in years, although that doesn't say much.        Yes I've been a bit promiscuous in the past and I can see how you would see me as only being "that guy" but that's no longer the case.       I don't want to get in your pants, I don't want the new notch on my belt, what I want is only the opportunity to try to be the one that you turn to for more than you do now.  I want to hear about your day, I want to help with your panic attacks, I want to make you smile and be by your side while life is tossing your ship in the shitstorm that has come your way.    I know you'll never see this, and thats fine, I cant expect or hope for you to, I just want to get all of this off my chest somehow because its eating me up.     You told me once that the universe has a weird way of making things known so don't push against it.   3 people have brought missed connections up in the past few days and every time, I also end up hearing that damn song, so here it is.       If this does find you somehow and you figure out who this is (its not like I'm making it very hard) then you should know you had every right to be pissed at me when I asked about new years.   It wasn't as nonchalant as I made it seem.  I asked because I wanted to know how you'd want it done, so I could ask you properly, but the plan backfired and drove a wedge between our friendship, I'm sorry. 
G    


Work - m4w



Hi sexy you will probably never figure out who this is but I just have to say. You are smoking hot and I have constant naughty dreams about you. Oh the things I would love to do to you. We work at the same place I would luv to just take you up to one of the rooms and have some naughty fun. You have a crappy boyfriend right now that I know doesn't come close to pleasing you the way I could. I wish I could hook up with you you have an amazing body and I bet your pussy tastes so good.    


Suerte at Bar - m4w



You came into Suerte with a guy that you did not seem at all interested in and you kept looking over at my way. 




Cherry Creek Apple Store - m4m



This a long shot, but I saw you at the Apple store.  You had a North Face red coat, short hair, close beard and tan pants.  I had the same coat but blue, shaved head, clean shaven.  I think you were getting a new phone and came out and sat on the same bench I was sitting on to set it up.  I really wanted to talk to you but I wasn't sure what to say.  Would love to meet up some time for coffee or drinks.  Happy new year!    


Havana Sauna 12/27 afternoon - m4m



You got  a massage which  I later asked you about in one of the sauna rooms.  It wasn't your first time getting a massage there.  I also told you that you had a nice body.  I later mentioned something unusual in one of the other steam rooms, when someone added water to the rocks and steamed it up. You're absolutely adorable and I would love to meet up with you outside of the Sauna.  Please respond if you think it's you and mention anything else specific about our interaction.

I am very tall and kinda followed you around between rooms for a bit.    


Raise your hand if your driver was hot! - m4w



Just curious! Whad he look like whad you talk about. What time? If you felt a connection post up!    


Teds DTC - m4w



You had a bun, dark eye makeup. Serving back part of restaurant. You very sexy. Was later in the night 730 8ish. Was in big group. You kept smiling when you walked bye. 

Let me know    


Hot Topic



Mon. 12/26. Shopping, nearly bumped into you. You: Tall, "Smith" Jersey, killer eyes/smile. Sooooo interested, handsome.    


Your a waiter at a resturant.. - m4m



Table of 4. I definitely like your style and I hope that you caught me looking at you enough to be flattered instead of bothered. You were nice (probably just part of your job) and I was the youngest at my table. Anyways hit me up with your name if your interested and know who I am.    


Aveda at Walnut Creek - m4m



You helped me buy a tube of lotion that is being discontinued.  I didn't tell you this - but, You are truly, really attractive and this lotion is great to lube male junk with.  I would love the opportunity to see if you wanted to do something at some time in the future.    


In my dreams - w4w
attractive blonde on amtrak... - m4w



...you had a sweet headband and black frame glasses. grey shirt.
i was sitting while you were disembarked.
besides being super attractive you had a really cool vibe.
i hope to see you again...    


Work... - w4m



It's clear that you want me, I see the way you look at me. And I want you too. I'm dying for you to put your hands on me. You say your no longer in denial about it, grab me, take me, have your way with me! You enjoy me being in your bubble, make a move when I'm there, even if it's something small, put your hand on my thigh when I'm sitting next to you, so I know it's you. I'm trying to be obvious without being obvious, I don't want to be creepy...in case I'm really wrong. Your move M, I'll be waiting tomorrow....    


Thank you - w4m
Pakistani or East Indian Boy Associate at Target - GLENDALE! - m4m



Dang!  I hope if someone reads this and knows who I'm talking about - PLEASE let him know you read this!  I was just in there about 8 o'clock tonight (its Tues Dec. 27.  I was looking for an open cashier and you directed me to your station.  You are the cutest little guy I've seen in LONG time.  You are 21 and we talked briefly about working vs. school.  I am about your height, shaved head.  You wear glasses and have a cute little soul patch.  I couldn't take my eyes off you - and wish I'd been thinking so I coulda given you my card.  Throw me a text 303 or email through CL.  I'd 246 love to go out for coffee 1089 and go from there!    


Looking for Sam M - w4m



Im looking for Sam Martinez. I just need to make sure hes ok. I havent heard from him since Thanksgiving and im worried. If anyone can just tell me that hes alive, thats all i need. 
Please be ok Sam.

Hes a tall thin mixed male with a shaved head. Works as a driver for a construction company.    


sheriff that helped me change my tire tonight - m4w



You helped me change my tire tonight, and I realized when I got home that I still have your tire iron. I really appreciate the help and feel bad I have your tool, especially since you will be sol if you get a flat tire. I doubt you'll see this but if you do respond and I'll get it back to you. Thank you again for your help.    


Midway Airport Chicago - m4w



To the very sweet and beautiful young woman I met in the A terminal at Midway Airport on Dec 26th. We shared a conversation over two IPA's waiting for our flights. 
My gesture at the bar was unmotivated and I left you without giving it much thought. I was very surprised afterwards when you approached me and we began a conversation. I genuinely enjoyed speaking with you. It was the highlight of my day. I haven't stopped smiling.
I was the first to leave. I'm kicking myself now, disappointed that I didn't leave you with a card or contact information. Looking back on it I blew the opportunity. 
This is an "eyes shut", long shot in the dark; I wanted to say that it was an absolute pleasure meeting you. I hope you got home safe. My only wish is that the upcoming new year brings you as much joy as our visit brought me.
Respectfully,
W.



Latin trans - t4m



Latin trans looking for a gentleman to get to know and hopefully start something special. I am not into one night stands or pic swapping, so don't ask. I just started transitioning a couple months back so very new to it all. Look forward to chatn with you. Pic4chat    


I'm Still Defending You! - m4w



I have defended you from the start and I continue to do so.  Even in your absence I fight for you.  It is not easy as she is threatened by you.  I have lined up a counselor for us and I am hopeful with support we can work through things.  And I am hopeful that if we do, you will still be available.  Hope...neither an expectation nor a request.    


'Cool Change"



I saw the moon and it brought back a memory of us being on the hill. It was late June and we were outside under the stars. We talked about the song and "staring at the moon like a lover." Yes...I love you and miss you beyond all words. I feel broken without you. You just took off and left me without warning. We had good and bad memories together. I have no idea what you are running from or to. I wish you would call and tell me. I know some details but not all and I know it has nothing to do with me. I still think about our very first kiss so many years ago -over 12 years ago.-and I know you were too by the clues left behind.    


Gorgeous movie surprise - m4mw
we met last year and kissed and played - m4w



Long shot. We met on here last year. Both married. Both needing some affection. Never had a chance to meet again and lost touch later. You liked I was older and experienced. And I made you feel wanted. 
You ever get on CL anymore? Hope life is better. Your more attractive than you think.    


laundromat Encounter  12/26/16 - m4w



We were at the same laundromat on the 26th, I definitely noticed you and we made eye contact several times. I should of went up and started a conversation but didn't, by any chance you read this and are interested email me back with what laundromat we were at and maybe we can get together for coffee or something to eat.    


Northfield Target This Morning - m4w



Northfield Target this morning.  I was leaving Starbucks and you were walking down the main aisle.  You are early 20's, medium-tall height, thin, shoulder length dark hair (couldn't tell if it was dark brown or black) and you weren't pushing a cart.  You were on a mission to get whatever you needed and weren't just casually walking and browsing.  I wanted to say hi but didn't want to bother you.  Now I wished I had taken the chance.  I know the chances are slim that you'll see this but if you do please say hello.  And if you tell me what color your coat was I can verify it was you.    


Met you in 2007-08, you needed fondling - m4w



You met me at my place in Capitol Hill after responding to my posting looking for females that needed to be fondled.  The time frame was 2007 or so where we hooked up half a dozen times or more. At the time, you were married with a kid or two.  You revealed that your nickname was "f face".  Both your real name and your fake internet name were very much like a stripper type name.  My email account was "b_smith" as you might recall.

I would like to meet up with you again.    


Christine, where did you go? - m4w



Christine

Miss some of our conversations, just when we were getting to know about each others cities..

and you know u miss my wicked baaad Boston acceent!!!  lol

Ema me sometime!!

J    


Our first time - m4w



Hey, we were both involved and it ended up (atleast from my point of view) going smoothly. I did my best to comfort you and i hope you feel better. You were hell cute. I doubt you're the kind of girl to be on here, but i at least have to give it a try lol. I'd love to take you out sometime. If you know who this is ofcourse lol.    


Cute dark haired at Safeway - m4w



Saw you waiting in front of Safeway wearing a white jacket.just now You seemed to be  cold. I was going to ask if you needed a ride but didnt want to creep you though. Hope you are ok n safe .    


You made out with my wife on Friday night - mw4m



My wife went out with some friends to Lodo's in highlands ranch on Friday night. You apparently bought her some drinks and flirted with her. You two made out, and you managed to finger her a bit.  You wanted to get a hotel room but she got nervous and bailed. She is a bubbly, super hot, tattooed blonde. Just wanted you to know she came home super horny and wet. She fucked my brains out all night Friday night and all weekend. She's been super fired up all weekend. So thanks, man! I asked her if I should try to find you for her, so you can take it a step further, and she was super excited and said yes. So here I am. She remembers your name, and the watch you were wearing. You could also just tell me what drinks she was ordering so I know it's you she was with. Hope we find you! This is not a joke. I am not mad. I really want her to meet up with you. It's kinda our thing. 

E and M    


Hot guy at Havana Sauna - m4m



You were at Havana Sauna. You have a perfect body. You have dark hair and full beard. I sat next to you while a guy jerked you off in the steam room and made you cum. I was jealous. I'd love to have the chance to do that. Hit me up and tell me something about me so I know it's you. We also made a ton of eye contact in the top of the sauna.    


Stapleton Starbucks - m4m



Saw you at Stapleton Starbucks (on 29th) around 4:30 Monday.  We made a whole lot of eye contact.  You had a beard and a dog.  What kind of dog was it?    


Bitchy on the phone - m4w



I was walking next to you downtown for for a couple minutes this week and thought you were acting bitchy to whomever was on the other end of the phone. At first it was a turn off, but now I want to fuck that bitchiness right out of you. I'm fit and clean and can wash that bitchy mouth of yours out with a good hard fuck! Email me and I'll get back quick.    


Two guys at Applejacks-Scotch - m4mm



I kind of helped with the Balvinie. I would love to meet up for some lite play, mostly oral.    


re: you asked if I was staying this time - m4w



I hope you understand where I am coming from. I am not mad at you, I am mad at you, me, and others because we all made stupid mistakes that led to an outcome none of us wants to include your broken heart and mine. I am mad at myself more than anyone but I don't have a way to fix the situation by myself and nobody else has told me they want to fix it. Not even you. Where I am coming from is I want to marry you but if you want that you need to let me and some others know with no uncertainty then work with me to see that our wedding occurs whether others will help us or not. Our marriage won't happen otherwise. Is that OK with you? It is not with me because I love you, long for you, and pray every day the Creator will bring us together. I wonder if you have prayed for this every day or if any of our so-called friends and family have. I wonder if anybody cares about either of us. God won't bring us together unless it's what we both want, are praying for, and working together to achieve. How can we work together when you won't even talk to me? I am still in love with you but also still confused about your intentions.    


City Market Late October (Pepper) - w4m



I met you briefly in City Market in Avon in late October. You were in the spice aisle looking for ground pepper. Would sure like to say hello to you again. I'm posting here in the off chance that you stumble on this.    


Lindsay, happy birthday! - m4w



I dont know if you're in town, or even that you got my text, but happy birthday. I hope its a good one!    


Met you last night at dinner in Boulder - m4m



Hey Jake.  We met at a family/friends Christmas dinner last night in Boulder.  We talked a little but it was difficult because of all the activity/eating/drinking.  We sat at opposite ends of a very long table during dinner (I loved it when you removed my plate/knife & fork when the meal was done). You also spent a lot of time in the TV room watching the Bronco game with your cousin.  I live in Denver and you said you live in Denver.  So it would be great to meet up for a drink/dinner sometime soon.  You know my name so give me a shout back and we'll make some plans.    


Krista - m4w



Its been too long..
I miss talking to you, giving you massages...and more.
I miss that pretty pink kitty..
And your smile
Hope you see this
-M    


Behind sapps - m4w



You blinked your lights at me.  We had a quick, mutually satisfying encounter upstairs at the arcade.  Your J. I'm F
I have the house to myself for a few days.  Wanna come party?    


RE: Is this where I b$&! And moan? - m4w (Denver)



...But you're a douchebag. You can have all the looks, money, good job and cars you want - but if you're a fucking asshole, no one will want to be with you. 

You're welcome.    


took you in last night - m4w



You were lost last night and just happened to knock on my door. I let you in to use the phone and you had a drink with me. I told you that you didn't look a day over 35. I should have asked you for your number. I gave you a ride home in the same neighborhood as mine. I'd like to show you how a woman should be treated. Don't be shy and get back to me. So I know it's you tell me something about last night.    


I met you (married man) at the Cruise Room,, you gave me herpes - w4m



You were married, but wife sick. We went back to my apartment, had sex. I think you gave me wrong number. I called and called. I don't remember your name. But you gave me something a week ago. I don't have health insurance, and you are rich. I need help. I will find out who you are, dude! I will tell your wife, no joke.    


You asked if I was staying this time - m4w



The first day you were angry that I had left but failed to be happy that I came back and asked me in anger if I was staying. The second day you gave me a long look of desire and invitation. The third day you played a game and got your revenge against me for having the nerve to take care of myself. You knew you were hurting me, you were doing it on purpose instead of seeking understanding for why I had to go (as if weather wasn't an obvious enough reason but when I decided to go through it for you, there was no appreciation). You almost lost me for good that day. It was only my sincerity of wanting marriage with you that gave you any chance with me after that. Other men would have written you off as psycho after that but I tried to see things from your female-emotional perspective and forgave the irrationality to give you another chance. When you finally came to understand a truth, you still did not move forward. I messed things up after that because of the stress and frustration but I never told you to never talk to me again. I never broke your heart like that. On December 7 you held my hand briefly and I felt that you didn't want to let go. A week later you told me to never speak to you again. I was asking you to marry me but you were too busy dishing out hate and colluding with others to dump hate on me. Are you happy with yourself and others? Is me and you not marrying the outcome you wanted? Why did we never meet? Why did you not introduce me to your family? Is this the outcome you wanted?    


Re:Odd Arrangementer - m4mw



Damn it , After sending the pictures of the two of you (which I really liked) I never  received a response. I'am thinking it had more to do with over playing my responses more than it had to do with not answering your ? (45 by the way) Not quite the asshole I was acting like , more along the lines of always leave them wanting more ! Although I am more of a take charge kinda guy , Would love to see if if it can be taken any farther with everyone enjoying the ride . So I would like to hear from the two of you , meet for Drinks,  Dinner, or come over to my house out in G.V.R. I can promise it would be without problems or drama and if everyone doesn't enjoy themselves . I'll have no Ill will or want to cause the two of you any problems for any reason . I really didn't find it to be that odd of a request myself , been there done that . Found out last night I like both sides of that arrangement and really liked the two being evolved on your side . Where I found myself and my wife found herself enjoying where she was being placed    


great scotts - m4w



Manager on duty at great Scott's on christmas, we had constant eye contact. I loved your tattoos! Hit me up!    


Todd! Saw You Tonight At The Bar! - m4m



Hey Todd!

I don't know how to say 'Hi', you are so aloof! :)

I am hoping we can hang out,  it would be awesome to chill, but if you are too busy,  to hang, I would definitely hire you for a massage!

It is always good talking to you, but it can be awkward,  which is why I am saying hi here.  Not trying to come off as creepy, I know there are rules...

Really,  I just wanted to say 'Hi'.


You're a sweet guy, I hope you have a good night!  :)    


New Beginnings - w4m



Merry Christmas, S. 

I am hopeful that my new path as a single woman will give me the peace and strength to embrace every connection with positivity and love. I'll always wish I could have shown you those things, but am grateful you have your new beginning as well.

Peace and love, always.

SB    


George Michael eyes - w4m



You'll never see this.

And you're mean and have this deep hate for me anyway.

But I thought of you again when Mr. George Michael died. And for a second I missed the way you used to look at me. When you didn't hate me. When all of time would stop and it was just you and me and of course I was totally speechless.    


Smart Start Northglenn - m4m



Jay at Smart Start:

  I heard, I came, I saw. I wanted to cum! 

Fuck bro, great hair, amazing eyes, great smile and a laugh that would brighten anyone's day.

I want to suck your dick or have you fuck me.

Want to have a drink? You drive of course. :-)

I wanted to Say something when I was there but you're never alone and always running around taking care of business or fixing something your coworkers messed up. Maybe one day I'll catch you alone for 2 minutes so I can see what might "cum up" or "cum out of it" :-) ;-)    


Missed call - w4m



I had just picked my phone up when your name and photo flashed on my phone...my heart stopped for a brief second.  Then the call disconnected...I knew that you didn't mean to call it was an accident and I can see it in my minds eye, how  you feverishly hit end call and hoped that it wouldn't connect at all...I didn't respond at all, I couldn't.  If you wanted to talk to me you would have texted first or after...I will always respond to you even after how easily you abandoned me, so much for showing my scars and believing that you would stay anyway.    


Last Chanukah Day 1 - w4m



Last year I ran so fast from you I actually almost knocked over a guy.
Why?
T'was all set up. All I had to do was show up. Which I did. It got very bad after that. After I ran. I've been broken in ways the last 13 months I can hardly believe. Yet each break has been set right for the first time. To say I'm healed is an understatement. However, the other path, the one I ran from, remains a shadow cast before my eyes 19 hours of each day. Doesn't sound healed, perhaps, but it is. The darkness of the shadow reveals the light in manageable bites.
Have I missed the connection, or is it yet to come? I'm of course not asking you, who wouldn't be reading this anyway. Let's hope not at least. But this year of ascension justifies a digital 'shout out'.
Running away was not an action I wanted to take. Not then, not now. I'd rather be there now in fact than here. Alas, either I trust ... or I do not, and it is with these actions I become trusting. You are as divine as you say. And I am...something that feels great often.
I am open to all the possibility. All the potential. G-d, this world is great. And, I miss you. Whatever that can mean given the context.    


Looking for jen - m4w



We were n love n high school lets schat....we fooled around a little bit..i was scared and young ..Just wanna chat...j    


Long hair beauty - m4w



To the pretty woman with the long hair at the newspaper warehouse. I really enjoyed talking to you. If you would give me a chance i would like to get to no you. You do no who this is. Your sons middle name is the same as my first name. If you see this and want to give it a try let me no. B    


Merry Christmas TJC - w4m



I hope that you are having a wonderful holiday season. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.    


Krispy... - w4m



Merry Christmas . 

I've been sad without you. Wish things could be different. 

I wish you the best. 

J    


Dude with long haired guy at Starbucks in the Safeway on 20th - m4m



I was waiting for my iced teas you got a coffee and starting talking to me about the kid always over flowing you drink. You were very handsome wouldn't mind getting to know you. Where was your tattoo we talked about    


the high holidays - m4w



i hope you know
that i believe in you
and that i wish you happiness 
health
a happy christmas
a buoyant holiday season
and the sort of new year
whereby you take everything by storm
(in a generally good way)    


LML - m4w



The way its happpening I wont be able to be who I promised to be or do what I promised to do. 
I hope you know that I would have if I was able to stay in your life. 
My heart is breaking. I want to go into hysterics. I want it to be about my pain but that isnt fair. 
Its about you, your future and your happiness. 
I love you. There is always going to be something vital missing from my life now that I didnt know I needed before. 
" God bless the broken road......"    


Sprinkles - m4w



I doubt you'll see this, but I hope you have a Merry Christmas, never forget I said I'll always cheer you on, even from afar, even if we don't speak for years, you're one of my best friends,  and I hope that you are doing better.    


Red Head with Dreads - m4w



Wow, I should have said hi!  You've got a great smile.  We passed each other walking down 13th just a few minutes ago.    


Merry Christmas AP 143 - m4w



We haven't spoke in years. Still miss you and think of you everyday. I hope you've achieved everything you wanted. Love you forever girl. 

Love Beeper    


"I like to keep things separate" - m4w



I am sorry I messed up things with my impatience and other stupid behavior. I hope you will let me grow from it, forgive me, and give me another chance in your heart. When we clasped hands that brief moment you didn't want to let go. I wish we could do the last few months all over again. You know how to contact me if you want to make this connection. Hope you and your family have very merry Christmas. I love you.    


You said you w always be by my side - w4m



You never were. You were behind my back, or too far ahead, leaving me behind.  I wish I could truly disappear for good, rather than see me through your eyes and to know... love has never been what I saw looking back, if at all. 

Merry Christmas to you. Its by far the most painful here....left home.... alone again.    


the couple from Illinois - m4mw



I found you guys awesome. Tell me what school you got kicked out of and we would talk more.    


El Portero - m4m



We were talking but the club closed early!  Your name was Sergio!   If you see this get back at me please.    


You really should..



Miss ya man. I know I fucked up, certainly not like you didn't do your share.. I do regret the way I was, the things I did that I!! NEVER should've. I was supposed to be sobering for you to hold onto too. I'm sorry. I failed, I know. I let US.. miss OUR.. connection AGAIN.. We should've been great together. Well, here I sit.. Forcing myself to try and just let go.. Is that right? Should I be chasing after you, catching you, holding you, NOT letting go.. ever? If you wanted us.. You wouldn't have chosen them.. Right? Tell ya what, KNOCK ON THE DOOR... smack me upside my head and say things you should've a long time ago.. Let me at least look you in the eyes and say my goodbyes.. To you, the idea of you and to the person I used to be, you know exactly where. You know exactly who. But not THAT kid.. Lol, damn.. Trying to see the humor.. Well, here's to wishing.. Your right here anyway...!    


you work for me - m4m



you work for me.  strong beard game. secret Santa resin. white Christmas.

I want to bury my face in your crotch.  I want to run my fingers through your hairy chest. I can be super discrete.

You know you want to...    


I love you - m4w



Forever







.............


or

?








I would say I shouldn't but that is not actually the case now is it?

It's all up to you.



Beautiful brunette in red Pea coat 12/23 - m4w



Hello Ms. May this post find you well, as you had found me. I'm the guy in the flannel with the dark hat terrific hair and bright blue eyes.   You passed me on the stairs, being sure that I'd notice you. I met your sweet brown eyes, and my heart melted. I wished I had struck up a conversation with you, but I was too choked up and emotional to speak to you, as that particular shopping experiance really hit me in the feels, while i was trying to get my daughter the most perfect gift. I hope that the stars will align and you will find me again. I'm a good man and would love to make you my princess. 
Happy holidays and merry christmas. 

My sincerest regards.



Latino hot just vacation!! - m4m



Hi 
Soy un latino muy caliente 
Que solo ando de vacaciones en USA soy top 
Y quiero conocer gente nueva en colorado 
Si hay alguien interesado en conocerme please call

Nine7zero3seven6six9two3    


24 Hour Fitness - m4m



Looking for the thirty something year old guy I stroked my cock with in the showers at 24 Hour Fitness in Tiffany Plaza during the day on Christmas Eve.  You had a dark beard and a hairy body.  It was fun watching you stroke on the other side of the divider.  I would love to meet up with you, but I am married so have to be very discreet.  If you see this tell me what time of day we did this on December 24th and what we said/did when we were drying off.    


Corey the handy man - w4m
Flight Attendant United 1114 Christmas Eve - m4w



You will never see this and it's probably for the best.  You were the flight attendant on my flight from Denver to Houston on Christmas Eve morning.  I wanted to talk or get to know you in some way.  The problem?  I am in the middle of a divorce and didn't think it was right to ask you out for coffee or even ask for your name.  I still wonder what your name is.  I was even one of the last passengers to leave because I kept trying to decide if I should give you my card or not.  In the end... I didn't.  Any compliments I offer would be futile.  It would only add to what I already know I am missing out on.  Whoever you are, I wish you nothing but the best.  Though brief, you allowed me to forget about 18 months of separation and loneliness.  And for an even briefer amount of time, I felt hope.  Thank you.    


music go round chorus girl - m4w



Hope you see this! I should've asked you how I could hear your music. 
I feel like maybe we were supposed to hook up, musically. 
Lol    


Do you ever hear the violins and think of me? - w4m



My dear Frodrick- I know I made a mistake and lost the best man that has ever been in my life. I  was stupid and I'm sorry. I know you will never see this but I miss you. Thank you for the time we did have.
Frau Blucher    


At downtown club... u from Michigan - m4m



Your name was William and we were at a club and you kept coming and chatting with me.  We talked about your move here and why you came.  I got a suspicion you wanted to talk/do more... but I was with friends.  

Let me know where we were at and what we talked about.    


despensary girl     L - m4w



you should message me


gold rush jack flash blurple 

sativa indica




Kew ask ashke qu keqwerty ahcratOzskid  fns hi a filler!!!



beta nightclub server - m4w



you're that hot server who so gleefully gives me yager. not sure when i'll be back but contact if you see this.    


Bartender at the Wrangler - m4m



Got a few drinks from you at the upstairs bar.  We made eyes a few times.  I bought you a shot, and you gave me a nice smile.  I'm sure you're being a friendly guy and bartender, but just in case...   i had my shirt off.  Hairy muscle dad type    


Furry Hat, Cute Vest, Striped Blue Pants - Loaf In Jug - m4w



You are stunning and I was speechless. I was in line behind you with the flannel and ball cap on.    


Shell employee in aurora - m4w



If this is you i was the guy that came in earlier this morning for smokes and agaon later for a drink. I just had to go back to double check that was you. Im pretty sure i met you off BP and ive been looking for you ever since. Please reapond ao i dont go in there looking like a fool. Haha    


Blackhawk Ameristar - m4w



Hi...You reached out in passing and we touched hands at Ameristar in Blackhawk Thursday night.  Love to know more about you mystery woman.    


Wanaxi Wacibisa- Indian Activist - w4m
Sexy TV Alexa - m4t



Alexa we met yesterday at the Pleasures on West Colfax and King and I fucked your perfect ass 3 times and watched you suck off 4 guys and it was so fucken hot.  I had always saw your ad's and wanted you so bad. Your ad did not do you justice baby your smoken hot and what a tight little hole.  You love being the center of attention and you got it yesterday.  You were covered in cum when I left yesterday and I did not get your number baby.  You said you loved my huge cock and ate my ass as well. 
Please contact me!    


Melissa Frederick-Meldusa-Illegal Petes - m4w



You are the worst kind of people. I have watched you emotionally and you physically abuse 3 guys in a row. You cheated on Johnny and went to Jay you cheated on Jay and went to a Johnny. 

You are the worst of the worst. You do all these bad things to people and you crush their hearts in the process. 

Then you place blame on them for everything you do wrong. That is the worst kind of people. I mean who gets hog tied out of a house by the police wasted and blasted on coke for assaulting your boyfriend and his mother? Yet you had the audacity to blame him and not tell the truth to anybody. You are the queen of spin. You always play the victim and make your boyfriends and now husband out to be the bad one. You are the bad one. 

You should know who I am. I haven't been around much the last few months. You're a train wreck and all these men are better without you. Myself and my boyfriend are also better off without your drama. 

I've seen you destroy three men in a row and the sad thing is that Jay was the best of them. He is also the one you treated the worst. Johnny is worthless and I didn't care much for Marco. 

Maybe some day I will pop back in your life. You just need to grow up, take responsibility and make amends to those you've destroyed. That's what good people do. Not blame everybody for their problems and faults.    


Cosmo's Pizza redhead in cat hat 12/22 - m4w



Oh hi...you complimented mine and a friend's legs. And I made a joke back about yours. You were actually damn cute. I'd like to talk more. If you see this. Tell me what I said back or what you were wearing orrrrr what your sweater was. That would be great!    


Beautiful lady at Dusty Boot - m4w



Lovely blonde at the bar sipping her drink. Wanted to stop and say hello but looked like you were busy on your phone emailing. Would love to buy you a drink and see where it leads.  Mmmmmmm    


girl /smoker friendly gas station - m4w



You work the register when I see e,the first time I saw your beautiful smile I almost got hit by a car lol,I wish I had the courage to ask her out but she makes me nervous in a good way though    


Jesse from Cheapskates last week. - w4m



Well, that was an unexpected night! You left your socks stuffed into the cushions of my friend's couch. Let's do a proper rendition this time in a better location. If you're reading this, let me know what kind of hat you were wearing and what you do for a living...or send me a picture. I'll recognize your face.

Sincerely,
Lydia Dietz    


Jesse from Cheapskates last week. - w4w



Well, that was an unexpected night! You left your socks stuffed into the cushions of my friend's couch. Let's do a proper rendition this time in a better location. If you're reading this, let me know what kind of hat you were wearing and what you do for a living...or send me a picture. I'll recognize your face.

Sincerely,
Lydia Dietz    


orchards friday matinee - w4m



Orchards amc. You helped with my drink. Did you like the movie? Send me what we saw. Thanks!



Toysrus - m4w



I advised you against a certain toy....we laughed, pretty sure it was at first site.... let me know    


Guy with mustache in lumber at Lowes - w4m



You were buying a truck box in lumber around 7:00pm today the 23rd. 
I checked you out and you had to run to your truck to get gift cards

You are beyond handsome. 
Let's get together and get some drinks ?    


we met on christmas eve years ago - w4m



It was years ago now came in the bar to buy cigarettes ended up staying and talking to you your name was Steve drove a snow plow you said had a brother that had the same thing as I did we spoke of Durango and future plans you gave me your number and instead of saving I mistakenly deleted always wondered what might have been and how you are? hope we can find eachother again to catch up    


Littleton Barnes and Noble - m4w



I was getting a slew of Manga and some D.C. Graphic novels including Arkham Asylum, which you asked about   Turns out it's pretty decent.  I'm guessing we have a thing or two in common.   Maybe enough to chat over a cup of coffee?   




Married guy - m4m



Around 1:30 pm today (12/23)

It was so packed today. You had a wedding band. Bald. Proportionate. 

I sat by you in the steam room. You had your eyes closed. I grabbed your dick and when more people came in. You had your foot by my balls!  

You left after that. Long shot but....




Big Lots on 120th-electronic section - m4w



We were both in the electronic Isle... u were a blond, tall with black shirt. I am the black guy. I saw u looking at things but then u left the store with nothing. You are very attractive.    


unleaded dragons blood - w4m



We talked every night for months. I messed up over and over. I know you will say I'm crazy if you read this but I had to try. You're my narcissist after all.    


H... - w4m



i am imagining that this time of year is never easy for you.  thinking about you...

M




You gave me my towel, let me know my lights were on - m4w



This is a looooong shot that you'll see this, but what the hell. I admire your beauty every Saturday and gotta bite my lip as i see you walk by sometimes. I guess i have at least 12 years on you and have no idea if you would be in to me given the age difference, therefore I've been skeptical of approaching in a more "friendly" manner. One thing for certain, guys your age can't compete with me :)    


Cop at tavern Littleton - w4m



I saw you notice me when I walked in:). You were very handsome. I wish I would have gotten your number. If you think you know who this is. Describe me:)    


Hostess Rock Bottom Westminster - m4w



Hey you are the hostess at Rock Bottom and you have a beautiful smile and amazing set of..... you know who you are!

I don't know if you're down, but would love to take my time and play with those sometime. 

Shoot me an email if you see this...I'm 28, white, clean cut, easy going guy.    


Walmart on 136th - m4w



I only had one item and you let me ahead of you in line. Wanted to wait for you, but had to run. Your smile was as warm as the day was amazing.  I would love but buy you coffee or drinks.    


24hr Englewood - m4w



Fun , outgoing, for sane /same. I'm at 24hr (englewood -Hampton & sante Fe) every afternoon. I'm more muscular than most so if that's a turnoff I may not be your style - I'm not looking for a hook up. More so a friendly female face to see and if a little gym flirting happens then so be it.. I'm laid back and highly highly doubt I'll get a "real" response but hoping I do-    


Re: grab it at work - w4m



Then she.thinks it will be huge because your tall, then discovers how tiny it is laughing hysterically and walking away disappointed.

Get a life douche bag    


Airport security line 12-18 early morning 4 ish AM - m4w



We smiled at each other a few times your were traveling with your two kids boy and girl. I was traveling with my two sons.  Come to find out our sons go to school together in HR. I was  hooping that you guys were going to be on our same flight to AZ. So that you and I might get a chance to talk. I sure hope you see this would really like to meet up for lunch or a drink on day soon. Merry Christmas!    


we both fell in love that night



You will probably never see this , but never hurts to try. 
We were a fresh new face in each others world. We decided to go to your favorite dive bar. We had a few too many drinks, you more than me of course, all while the band played. We became lost in our own little world without a second thought. Heavily flirting and lost in lust, we danced with each other in our chairs without even realizing how quickly we were becoming the center of the everyone's attention.  When the music finally ended, an older gentleman leaned forward and thanked us for the show. It wasn't until that moment that I realized how tastefully naughty we had been being in front of everyone. You grabbed my hand and we ran out in laughter and a little embarrassment. We hopped in your BMW and drove off into the moonlight. What a great night that was. If you remember that night with the pretty little red head, tell me what band was playing so i know it's you. I'd like to see where life has taken you.    


Whole Foods CC - m4w



I let you go ahead of me in line this morning at the Cherry Creek Whole Foods.  You are gorgeous and had a great spirit.  I can't really believe I'm doing this or that it will work, but I'll take the chance.  I would have talked longer but you took off...I would love to get a beverage with you sometime if you see this.  To let me know this is you tell me who we were talking about in the magazine I was looking at and what color jacket you had on.    


We walked in together - Galleria Twr - m4w



Your in investment or finance or something. We talked first thing this morning walking from parking area.  Your cute and was hoping we could chat.  You said your Fridays are busy.    


Ms. Grace - m4w



I inquired about a property online - you alex grace called me with such happiness in your voice. I wish we could have spoken longer. Message  me back? Would love to learn all about you.    


Missing you - m4w



Hey, I'm missing you this Christmas. I'm sorry I wasn't upfront about my financial situation from the start....and I think you know I would always give you my last dollar (which I did more than once).
I miss the amazing connection we had and the chemistry from date one. 
Your face is the one I still see when I close my eyes. 




Miss you desperately - m4w



J--I miss you so much! You were the love of my life and all I ever wanted was for you to love me back. Now we both are married to other people and have kids. I thought my aching desire for you would fade in time and that I'd come to feel that same love for my wife that I still feel for you but it hasn't happened. We haven't seen each other in years, and  I quit trying. The last time we saw each other was when we went to central city, your boyfriend had just broke up with you and you told me you loved him. I asked if you ever felt that way for anyone else (more specificly me) and you told me no. That absolutely crushed me and I felt I had no choice but to try and move on. I tried to find someone like you and transfer my feelings to her. I just wanted to say it hasn't worked. If you got ahold of me today I'd leave it all behind for you. It's pathetic I know, but I can't help the way I feel it's been years since I called you but still know your cell and your parents phone numbers by heart. I know you'll never see this and I hope you are happy with your life the way it is but just had to express my feelings some way other than prayer. If God were able to make people fall in love I have no doubt we would have been together forever. Still thinking of You--T    


E or F to Lincoln - m4m



Hey I've been noticing all of hot guys on the train some of which I have made eye contact with and gotten smiles but no invites to play. I'm on the train Mon-Fri going into work around 6am and leaving around 3:30p  If you have noticed me and want to hook up send me your stats, a CLEAR FACE PIC and what hoodie I always wear. Look forward to some responses.    


whistle boy - m4m



Ive run intoyou twice now. I would love to play. i was distracte both timesi saw you. i apologize. Saw you last night...tell me where and what happened so i know its youlatin guy    


i am so tired of missing your face - w4m



its not even funny anymore... i cant sleep, i dont eat, my friends say i have changed and it's not for the better. my laughter is always colored in blue. it seems so stupid to cry over someone that doesnt even notice you. you have no idea just how bad you hurt me when i found out you lied to me too. you played me for a fool and only my friends know just how deep you cut me. in my life ive learned that sometimes you have to lose something before you see it's value... maybe one day youll look back and miss me... truth is you'll probably only miss the bj's... sigh...life just is somedays...    


trying to move on - w4m



is going to be the hardest thing i can do right now. trying not to lay awake at night and miss all the crazy things we've done. trying not to hold out any hope of ever seeing your face just staring at mine. i lived for those moments when your arms would close around me so tight and your breath would blow across my skin. ive waited for so long only to find out that i'll be waiting forever. no wonder i feel so lost.
i just wanted to say that i love you and i hate you and that im going to miss you the most.    


trying to move on - w4m



is going to be the hardest thing i can do right now. trying not to lay awake at night and miss all the crazy things we've done. trying not to hold out any hope of ever seeing your face just staring at mine. i lived for those moments when your arms would close around me so tight and your breath would blow across my skin. ive waited for so long only to find out that i'll be waiting forever. no wonder i feel so lost.
i just wanted to say that i love you and i hate you and that im going to miss you the most.    


walking your greyhounds - m4w



I see you walking your three greyhounds, dressed so sexy, everyday, and I can't help myself, you are so beautiful.  I would love to talk sometime.    


Dear Martin Campbell - w4m



Dearest Tim,

How dare you seduce me with your sour ale beer last summer. You answer our drunk dials but remain a complete mystery. Actual quote from our conversation "I can't understand a word you two are saying." Basically I love you, so please call me so we can enjoy a midwestern documentary on our dear friend's sofa.

Love,
A    


We hade sex on a side road next to a cemetery - m4w



We had a hookup where we had sex on a side road next to a Lewis Cemetary. You took my virginity. At first we meet at Walmart then we drove to the spot and fucked! I lost your contact info and would like to meet up again with you again!    


... Even if a miracle occurs...



...and her illness is cured, her lost memories will never come back...Besides, miracles don't exist in this world.  There are only inevitabilities, accidents and what you're going to do.  That's it.
It's painful to be unable to reach the person you love.
But, if you keep grieving over it, the burden will just get heavier.
* Even so, there's no way I can forget about it!
I didn't tell you to forget about it.  Going on with your life while shouldering that burden is also a way to live - I won't tell you to do that, though.
* Can I ask you something?
What is it?
* Are you always at the church because you are shouldering a burden?
I wonder... I've forgotten the reason.


Maybe it would be just one big easter egg.  Wondering if you were paying enough attention?





Anthropologie - Candles and Scarves - m4w



You were as witty as you were beautiful, with fabulous taste in goldfish flower sweaters.  

I left to go shop for my "bold and chunky" mother, but the only thing I really needed to get from the mall that night was your name.  What is it?    


Star Wars Rogue 1, Southlands - m4w



Wednesday 12/21.  We were watching Rogue One.  You sat to my right.  You had amazing strawberry red colored hair cut short. Porcelain skin.  Cool glasses.  Your laugh and your actions were so full of life.  I wish I was sitting with you, cuddling and telling you how beautiful and exciting you are.  I don't think you noticed me.  But I needed to tell you.    


Christmas Eve Fun Last Year - m4m



You're a submissive muscle guy. We met up Christmas Eve last year for a really hot time at your place in Arvada.Would be hot to connect again.    


The Truth is I Miss You - m4w



I miss you so much. I'd have rather chased your shadow all my life than been afraid on my own. I'd rather have just known you. I'd rather have not known where I'd be than been here without you. I put too much pressure on you to be with me. I accused you of too many ridiculous things to count. I never did anything to improve myself or my life.

Now I've been sober for months and I've been mostly sober since we last drank together. I haven't had a cigarette in over six days. I'm taking steps to insure that I never treat another woman the way I treated you. It's hard. It's hard without you.

The truth is that I miss you. I know I'll never see you again. I don't know why you're so hard to let go of. I don't know why I'm posting for you. I genuinely hope that you are happy.




It's okay - w4m



I posted got several responses none of them him,you, but oh to know how many hearts are broken and how many wished my post was for them and their hope gave me hope, it's okay I'm gonna be okay no matter what u have that piece of my heart you can keep it, it is real and pure and u need that more then I do, I'll go on with the rest of my heart and someday someone will take a piece of theirs and place it back in where u took yours and I'll be okay. Till the day I die I'll love u and that's okay it's all I got, and G you will be okay too and I feel you with me sometimes so I know you think of me when you ever want to reach out and just talk facebook is where it will be and it's on you it was always on me this time, this time is on you. I won't wait no more I won't hope I will just be okay with the fact you are gone until the day you are back if that day were to ever come.    


Big lots - m4m



I came in and you rang me up. I got something with an animal on it and we started talking about it. You're really cute and would love to hang. Hit me up with a pic and the animal it was :)    


Havana Sauna thurs evening. Cute hairy, bearded guy with tatoos - m4m



I followed you around a bit and We briefly talked before I had to leave. You were super sexy, black hair, beard, shorter guy with lots of tattoos. I asked about the one on your right thigh. Tell me what it was so I know it's you. Would love to talk more and maybe have some naked fun. Me: slim white guy, shaved head and beard. Hope you see this    


Former model coworker IL2F - m4w



So, I am infatuated with you Lauren! You have got those "fuck me now" eyes. I try to forget my fantasies I constantly have about you but every time I see you in the Hallway I want to whisper in your ear "let me taste that pussy"! You ever have a fantasy about fucking a hot co-worker? I hope you fantasized about me, but I doubt you would, we don't not even know each other.    


A spark of interest - w4m



I was the blonde in a gray coat, black leggings, and gray boots carrying an orange purse in the DIA Conoco today around 2 PM. We caught each other's eye and exchanged 'hello's' - if you are the man in question (as well as single and share the same spark of interest!), and would like to meet for coffee or a drink, please email me back and let me know a bit of what you look like and what you were wearing. And as integrity and character are some of the qualities I value most, if you are not the man in question, please do not reply - cheers!    


Ben, it's been about a year. I miss you! - w4m



Keep thinking of you, Nodak. You know where to find me. Miss you. Bet you miss me too.    


tractr supply with your pup - m4w



You are so freaking sexy. Damn I secretly want your body.  Work I could talk and flirt with you actually I just want to use you lol. Good girl    


You asked me about my hat - m4w



Gas station at 104th and Washington. You asked me about my hat, and we talked briefly. I wanted to stick around and chathe more but it was busy and you were working. Longshot but hey.    


Simplicity ramp Hottie - m4w



Saw you on 12/21/16 I was working you in your area you waved at a group of us. Later I watched you walk to the bus. I liked what I saw.    


Just checking the mail!? - m4w



You were just checking the mail, but your gaze was strong and your linger was long. You noticed me working nearby and helped me park. You look like you practice yoga and the snug fitting black pants and red top made me linger a little long too. Maybe you're married, maybe not. Let me know ;)    


you bumped my c.. Galleria Bldg - m4w



Did you know you bumped and almost rubbed my cock standing there. I felt you had to know and I know you felt it hard. I'm blond 6'2 230 in my 40s.  Either way it was hot hope your around.    


In You - m4w



Waited sooo long to finaly have you. Sooo worth the wait baby. When I was in you and looked down at your beutifull face it hit me like a ton of bricks,there was no place on this earth Id rather be. I know you saw it. OMFG you felt soo good. Don't know what it is about you that overwhelms me but I want more of it.    


I'm writing you - m4w



My Dearest Magpie,

I miss you too. I do. A lot.
I need you... My heart bleeds everyday for your presences. 
And only your presences can set my heart free.
My mind wanders during the day, looking at the apparition of your face. 
And I dream of your touch during the night.
You are me. And I am you. That doesn't equal WE...
It equals I. 
A single entity. A single love. A single human being.
Material intertwined, Body and flesh.. Soul and spirit as one.
Magpie, please be mine, please be the one.
You are not Awkward... You're beautiful in everyway.
My beauty... The only beauty that counts in our life.
Who matters, but us.. NO ONE...
We'll take of love to the heavens, to the next level.
So I leave you this message.
When I first set eyes on you... You knocked my socks off.
So it looks like I'm going to heaven barefooted.
Been loving you, since the first breath I saw you.



RIVER STREET RUNNER - m4m




I saw you running on River Street in Newton on Wednesday, 12/28, around 1:30pm.   You are very handsome and very sexy.   I would enjoy having a cup of coffee with you.   I hope you are okay with a man complimenting another.

Just so I know it is you, what race are you?   Please get back to me and say hello.    


Intercontinental Spa, Thursday afternoon - m4m



Hot encounter yesterday afternoon ... Being intentionally vague to protect privacy... But if you were one of the participants, hit me up, and tell me about it so I know it's you.




"Tim" - m4m



Saw you twice at my office, it was hot.
You deleted your original post, and my replies aren't getting thru any more :(
Tell me what town you were from, describe me    


YardHouse in Dedham - m4w



I saw you as soon as I walked in - pretty, confident, and with a group of people at the bar, waiting for the rest of your party.  

I had to sit with my work lunch at the table right next to your booth.  You had light brown hair, a nice smile, and we passed each other right in front of your table.  

There was no way I was going to embarrass you by coming up to you in a work group, and I waited outside to catch you as long as I could. 

There's no way you're going to see this.  But just in case you do  . . .    


I was too chicken to talk to you after locking eyes more than once. - m4w



You let me cross in front of you in the Parkin lot. We locked eyes and smiled at one another. Then again while shopping for sheets you brushed by me. You were wearing black pants and white sweatshirt. One of the most amazingly beautiful woman I have ever seen. I had my chance to say hi. I chickened out. I hope this finds you.    


Morning Commute Into Davis - w4m



I see you sometimes on the 88 to Davis in the morning, usually on Thursdays. You are on the shorter side, maybe 5'6" ish? (I know guys don't want to hear that, sorry!) with dark blonde shaggy hair. I am a bad judge at age, but I would say 24-28ish. You seem to get nervous when I get on the bus. . .or maybe you are just a nervous person. Anywayyy, I think you are cute. That is all!    


You are the one I want, my little scintillating vixen - m4w



I first saw you at the grocery store.  I can't remember how long ago it was; perhaps a few weeks ago.  You had long hair, you wore shoes, and you pushed a metal contraption nearly overflowing with foodstuffs.  As you moved through space your head turned this way and that.  I was instantly a little in love.

I was astonished to see you again at the gym a few days -- or was it a week? -- later.  You were riding one of those -- what do they call them?  Exercise thingies.  You wore shorts and a t-shirt and your hair was in a ponytail.  Your body moved with a natural ease and a great fluidity, and your pony tail flopped about.  I was enthralled.

I last saw you at the airport.  You were wheeling a black suitcase along.  Again you wore shoes.   You had a serious, focused expression and you seemed in a great hurry, as if intent on some goal, some end result, some final destination.  "This," I thought to myself, "is the girl for me."




Sorry my dog bit you.  You looked so cute writhing on the ground! - m4w



I was walking my dog on a green space in the Southwest Corridor Park late one fine day not long ago when I dropped the book I was carrying (Delta of Venus, by Anais Nin). The leash slipped out of my hand as I bent to pick up the book. I remember looking up to see my sleek, beautiful Siberian Husky, Sprocket, bounding excitedly towards you some hundred yards away -- to greet you, I thought. A moment later you were on the ground, writhing, or so it seemed to me, and flailing your arms, while Sprocket was on top of you. A series of high-pitched human shrieks reached my ears.

I ran over.

"Bad Sprocky!" I said. "Off!"

"Ow! Ow! Ow!" you wailed, like those characters in "A Clockwork Orange." You were clutching your shin, red with an extremely small amount of blood. You wore my favorite kind of shoes: low-top black Converse Chucks.

I cocked my head. "It doesn't look that bad to me."

"Jesus, what are you -- a sadist?"

I sat down on the ground beside you and patted your head. "Are we a little grumpy and testy?" I said. I then brought my mouth close to your ear and whispered, "Perhaps it would improve your attitude if I handcuffed you and spanked you."

You struggled to your feet and began hobbling quickly away in the crepuscular light.    


Breast play - m4w



We got together about 7 or 8 years ago at your place in Newburyport. You were looking for a guy to focus on playing with your breasts which I enjoyed doing. It quickly turned to kissing and me touching you elsewhere but we hadn't gone further. I lost your emails and still think of you and wish we could connect. If you see this email me and let's talk    


Relax it's Friday - w4m



HI, like some relaxation after your work week, come by and enjoy my Sensual Full Body Massage!  If serious and available to come by, I'd love to hear from you, but please don't respond if unable to come by today.  Like to keep things simple if possible, without forever emailing.  Interested in more mature white gentlemen!
HOsting Now...    


Discipline for SAHM - m4w



You may be a strong, confident and independent woman in public, but privately, once in a while, you wish there was a man-friend in your life, a strong handsome Dominant friend, who could fall into roles with you, as the stern but fair disciplining hand to your submissive, hungry sometimes sassy body.

Seeking on-going sessions, not extending beyond the bedroom, weekdays in metro west area.    


Starbucks near Derby - m4w



We matched in purple and denim - I also meant to tell you how amazing your hair is, and what an incredibly lithe and sexy look you have.

If you work near by, I'd love to see you sometime...    


You taught yoga at BU - m4m



About eight years ago, you used to teach yoga at BU. Maybe you still do but I graduated and moved on. We used to hang out in the sauna after and chat. I've been thinking lately about what a great guy you were and would like to reconnect if possible.    


We met at the BBC (British Beer Company) - m4m



We met at the BBC (British Beer Company).  I stopped on my way back home.

I sat down and we were seated a few stools away from each other. You were on the phone, I was texting with my wife.

You got off the phone and you were upset, you chatted with the bartender that your brother-in-law who was supposed to meet you there and then help you out with something just stood you up.

I could not help but laughing, and I said something about we can never rely on anyone else, let along in-laws.  We continued the conversation 3 way: you me and the bartender.  It was a good chat about power tools, wives, beers, and the Red Sox.  It was a quiet night and the bartender bought us a round.  I am not sure how many beers we had, but it was more than my usual.

We called it the last round, you get close to me and whispered in my ear "I noticed you're wearing red women panties, I'll buy you a round if you give me a blow job afterward. I can sure use one."

I blushed. I have no idea how you noticed I was wearing red undies, but somehow I mastered the courage, I smiled and said "SURE".

We had the beer, I was both horny and scared, I was hoping that you didn't mean it, and I was hoping that you meant it. We walk outside and your truck is parked on the far end of the lot.  It was a nice new big F250.  "Nice Truck" I commented. 
"I'll show you" you said and walked in front of me, we got into your truck.

"Should I unzip or do you want to unzip me yourself?" you asked.

It was dark, I was buzzed, I reached out and caressed your bulge, unzipped you releasing a nice hard throbbing cock, I leaned over and before you know you were skull fucking me.
In just about 30 seconds you exploded what felt a gallon of jizz deep in my mouth.    


i hope i see you again sometime - w4w



I was with some friends, you were with another girl. You walked past us, and we made eye contact but only because we were wearing the same jacket (its red corduroy). I wanted to stop and say something or point it out to be funny, but you had already moved on. You were really beautiful with dark curly hair and glasses, whoever you were with said your name and that was beautiful too!! I wear that jacket a lot more now, just in case if I see you again.    


MC with Married women whom I met on Cl and



Got to know, appreciate, touch, kiss, lick and engage in passionate hotel and car sex with a few years back. I miss that anticipation, touch, tingles, kissing and passion with D, C, M, K and...Thinking of posting again since I miss that missing passion, wife and I are like roomies    


why do i love u? - w4m



it's not attraction, it's just like falling in love. i'm sensitive and you get under my skin. 

i'll just own it. 

, and i didn't realize. huge block of ice. ppl from 'here' don't accept me.

i think i thought i'd talk to you and not at you...    


To all those big butt women in Beverly - m4w



WOW, there are so many women with big butts in Beverly. I must have died and gone to heaven. I know that thin is in but there is no denying  the sexual power of a nice big round ass. Maybe I am talking about your ass, wanna find out????    


To the Woman in the nerdy dress - m4w



Long shot, but...

You were wearing an adorable TARDIS dress today at work, and I think that's pushed me to the point that I had to post.

You're gorgeous. I sneak peaks, and we might smile occasionally in passing, but that's really it. You often look super cute on the daily, but the dress today was fantastic.

I'm not looking for anything, I just wanted you to know.    


JDBIII - m4m



Hey man, if you read this here, and you like guys, let's stop playing and do this.

We got drinks at the Liberty once and I thought something was up but didn't want to press to hard, was bummed when you left to get your MBA but now you're back and we've texted a few times but haven't met up, let's meet up for some fun.

-a    


8" looking for Amanda - m4w



I am looking for Amanda. Honestly if someone else is interested and would like to pick up where I left off with Amanda that would be cool. She seems to be gone. 

We used to meet during the day, usually the afternoon when her husband was at work ... 






Caffe Nero - SE - m4m



Caffe Nero on Tremont Street in the South End. 

You're a hipstery-lumberjack type, maybe 35-25, with an incredible mustache-- you had an olive green tank top under a flannel and my partner and I (late 20's) could not stop checking you out. You paid us a compliment on your way out which left us blushing and definitely made our night. We would love to spend some time together and pay some compliments your way; decency forbade me from saying what was really on my mind. E-mail me what we were doing and what color your flannel was.    


Tina - m4w



Looking to meet again. You worked at Staples and then moved to Swampscott. We met a couple of times and had a lot of fun. Would like to chat and meet again.    


Dunkins rte 9 - m4m



You're back! Winter break? 

Dunkins on Rte 9 just before the entrance to the Pike. 

You're the very handsome Asian guy that works there. 

The best part of my day is seeing your smile. :) 



Northshore Mall, Black Nike sneakers, fit and attractive - m4w



Everytime I go to the northshore mall, there are so many of you cute women walking around in your leggings/yoga pants and your Nike sneakers. You look so good, and as a runner, I kind of have a thing for a girl in Nikes, lol. Would any of you consider meeting a nice, respectful, and even very attractive guy for something a bit out of the ordinary? Workout, run, shop, go to class- do your normal daily activities... and then meet me somewhere, wear your Nikes and take them off and sell me your socks. Could be a fun, safe, regular thing for the right open minded girl who likes to indulge a guys foot fetish.
What size Nikes do you wear? :)    


Exceptional MWM... seeking new lover for affair - m4w



Getting past a one-year affair...  all ended as well as these things can.   Now Fall is here..  I'm looking for a new lover for an affair.  I miss the raw passion of intense desire. Not looking for a one-time encounter,  ideally this will turn into a regular thing if it works out well. 

What do I hope for? An attractive, intelligent, feminine woman in "the same boat" as me... 

Age range: 30-45 

Location: Needham, Natick, Norwood, Dedham, Wellesley 

Since this is about raw carnal desires, 'tude does matter- so please, very few inhibitions! You LOVE great sex! If you're arrorgrant, I do not want to hear from you. 

Curves and femininity are preferred. I tend to be attracted to dark hair and eyes. Non-smoker. Teachers and moms will move to the front of line (my heart goes out to them). 

If you're still reading this- a bit about me- 6'   200#, fit build, professional/ guy next door type. Not new to CL but no man-whore either. Not looking for drama, nor to run away with anyone... simply seeking one secret friend for an old fashioned on-going affair. A bit creeped out by the whole CL venue.. but what is a person in our shoes to do? 

Please put "I'm curious" in your e-mail heading so I'll know you aren't spam. :-) 



Hey -! - m4w



Hope you're doing good. 

Have you watched Stranger Things?? I bet you did. You should watch "Travelers". I think you're gonna like it-based on what you told me before. I'll be curious! Oh. And the Up And Vanished podcast. Total real-life whodunnit. I'd love your perspective. 






Seeking Auria6 - m4w



I never got to meet you but you were the woman of my dreams. Even after all these years I still think of you. Who else can I talk to about JHM?    


SAHM?



Married male....seeking younger lover in married woman for on-going weekday affair, based primarily on great sex.  My marriage has become stagnant. Im not looking to leave, or change my situation, and dont want to change yours. Maybe you have wanted to escape a little yourself??  Too busy for a traditional relationship??? Maybe you have always wanted to be with an older man?? Im 48 but dont look it. Im a construction worker, pretty fit, and good looking. Looking for a gal under 40, also reasonably fit, and happy. I can host.

Lets chat, talk a bit and see if we have sparks. I believe chemistry and foreplay are every bit as important as the actual act, (maybe more). I am sure I have a few things I could teach you, and you could teach me!!    


MWM Dominant 4 attached Sincere Submissive



I am a married closet Dominant, with experience in the lifestyle. I'm not like other fake Doms on here, pretending to be something/someone that they are not. I'm highly intelligent, successful and handsome.. happy, creative, and modest.  :-)

I'm seeking 1 ATTACHED submissive female, preferably married.  This is far beyond sexual.  This is mental, emotional and physical. I desire a female who will give themselves to me completely, with no reservation. I demand trust, honesty, loyalty and above all respect.  You must have weekday availability within 30 minutes travel of Brookline. Yes, I can host.

I am very serious about this and I require that you are the same. 

If you should believe you are what I am looking for, I require that you respond to this ad describing yourself and why you believe you meet my criteria. Put "submissive" in the subject line so I know you are not spam. 

Let's see if you can pass step 1.    


Girl across from Lenoxx Hotel in am - m4w



You were so cute. I want to see u on the reg and help u out of i can?

Hmu if u see this    


Not writing me/writing me - w4m
WE MET TONIGHT AT YOUR COMPANY NEW YEARS EVE PARTY - m4m



Hey, your company had its New Years Eve party tonight at a venue in Southie and we met at the bar. We were on different sides of it but managed to have a short conversation.
You came over to say good bye as you were leaving.  Sorry that I wasn't able to spend more time chatting.
If you happen to see this let me know where the party was held and what we talked about.
Happy New Year    


Latitude Gym - m4w



You go to the gym a lot and you always wear the sexiest workout clothes. I'm always in there, I'm tall and muscular. Send a pic in the response.    


Escort gt - w4m



So we going to B town we will have a great time . It is me the sky will be the limit just for you because you my baby girl and I love you and I owe you that yes I    


Short sexy mom at target - m4w



You were behind me in line tonight. I was about to take my receipt but was then just taken away by you !

I awkwardly smiled and left. 
Message me if you felt that too.    


King Arthur's Lounge..Giselle where did u go after? - m4w



Where did Giselle go after the place closed????  I met you when you first got there and you didn't speak any English. I was practicing massage and would visit you on the weekends. Just wondering if your still in the area.  I haven't been out there in years. I hope you are well. -Chris    


Do you think? - w4w



Neither of us live in Boston but I believe this is where we will find each other. I know we are trying to move on but do you think if we saw each other, after all this time, that we would fall in love again?  I have no doubt that we would. I still love you, now, but instead of a sharp unbearable pain, I will carry it as a dull ache in my heart.  Until next time.    


You and hubby are more like roommates..



Let's see if I got this right. Your relationship with your husband is more like that of roommates, than anything else. There is very little appreciation, affection, connection, passion, or spark.. and rarely sex, let alone wild passionate uninhibited animalistic kinky sex.   

Yet, you march on day after day taking the good with the bad. You bust your ass working, getting the kids to school and practice, cleaning, cooking, and all those things that a good wife does for her family.  You love your kids above all else,  and you don't want to break your family apart so you make do. Staying is way easier than leaving. Your life is pretty good, but you do miss that feeling of being wanted, desired, appreciated, cherished and satisfied. You desire so much more physically and mentally then you are getting. That is why you are looking through the CL ads, wondering if what you are missing even exists anymore.

I know this because I live it myself from the other side. Sadly, I realize there are a lot of people who are living this way. Anyway, I am curious to hear your thoughts. I am not looking for some quick hookup or random sex. But it would be nice to make an online friend, someone who understands. Someone who misses the good parts of a relationship. Someone who is looking for a spark or butterflies, or something to look forward too. At the very least, maybe I can be an online diversion from your daily monotony?



Melisse Dansereau - m4w



I had her in class a few years back and was wondering if anybody out there hooked up with her or knew what she was up to. She was a curvy blonde milf with the best accent ever.    


re: the first day - m4w



I would have liked to see the map that was not there. Then I might have had a better idea of who you are. Yes I believe anythings possible. One has to keep an open mind.    


Red line - w4m



You approached me at Savin Hill Station and struck up a conversation with me...then we chatted all the way until you got to your stop (North Quincy). I never got you name but thought maybe We could meet up some time so I can show you some of the Boston sites we talked about.

If you see this, drop me a line or look for me in the Boston charoom on Okhookup. I go by suzyq32. Please mention where your last job was, so I know it's you. 

I really hope to hear from you!
:-)    


I jump started your truck - m4m



Last Friday 12/30/16 I helped you get your truck started in the parking garage...I thought you were a really cool guy and I wish I had the courage to tell you that I wanted to go down on you...I've never done it before but have wanted to for the longest time...if you happen to see this..you will remember me..just know that I would love to get you to cum in my mouth...no one would ever have to know..    


free consultations and psychic readings - w4w
It all started at BEST BUY - m4m



Remember when Best Buy was at the Kingston Mall? Yup, that long ago.
You were shopping for cables for your new TV/Surround Sound and I happened to be in the same isle, you asked me a question and I helped you pick the right cables.
We laughed when you realized that I didn't work for Best Buy, it was kind of funny.
You told me that your wife was traveling and you were going through the TO-DO list of things you didn't have time to do before, I commiserated since I also had a similar list.  One thing led to another and I offered you to help you with the cables/TV/Surround Sound in exchange for your home-brewed beer.

So off we go, two guys shooting the breeze.  You happen to live not too far, not too close from me.  We start with the first beer and shooting the breeze, then the second beer and that's when you show me your ManCave in the making, I am jealous!  It's a bit messy with a lot of work to do, but I can see it coming. It's dark and no light yet, I turn on the TV to get some light and .. . there's porn there.
You are mortified and I am laughing.

"Wife's away" you say.
"I hear you man".

I don't remember whose idea was it, but we sat on the couch and started watching porn together, I saw the bulge of your pants and you asked me why I laughed.  I told you that it reminded me of me and my buddy in high school, and I left it there.
You wanted to know what happened in high school.
I reached out to your pants, rubbed your hard throbbing cock. You moaned.
I unzipped you and you leaned back and arched your back, your cock was wet with pre-cum, I took it all in my mouth and you moaned louder than the TV.
It wasn't long before you exploded in my mouth.

The above story really didn't happen in reality, only in my fantasies, over and over.
But we could make it happen, over and over, couldn't we?    


Uber rider... Hot as hell - m4m



Hey man I picked you New Years day early morning (after 3 am) and drove you to Cambridge.  I noticed you looking at me quite a few times in the mirror. You were tall and very handsome. I'd love to grab a drink or something else.... Hit me up. What's ur name...    


Chelmsford Waitress - m4w



Wednesday night you were my server and were very cute and sweet.  I know this is a big short in the dark but I was very impressed talking to you about school and a sport you enjoy doing so I thought I would take a chance and see if you might see this.

What is the sport?    


In line at Target in Westwood - m4w



We were both in line at Target. We both came in to buy one thing.  I succeeded in sticking to my list.  You did not.  You looked amazing in your yoga pants.  You were wearing yoga pants and I was buying a yoga mat.  Seems like a good fit.  I noticed you seemed to have some lower back pain you were trying to massage out...I desperately wanted to offer to give you a real massage.  But it didn't seem like the appropriate thing to do at the time.  So I figured craigslist was the best way to reconnect.    


Planet Fitness AM regular - m4w



You chew gum and have terrific short hair.  You are getting into such great shape - I can't keep my eyes off you.

I think you go there with your husband/boyfriend.  Any chance you're up for a threesome?




Still not writing you posts here



Magpie,

I know there's some posts here that might look like they're from me, but they aren't. Just wanted to clarify.

I miss you and think about you and all that, but this is not a method of communication. 

Argh. Now I realize that I'm like, posting for you even though it's to say "I'm not posting for you".

Always fucking awkward.

Well, now that I'm here I might as well say I miss you anyway.

And I do. 

Love

Peace    


Used to work at Ciros - m4m



YOU used to work at Ciros and always gave me awesome Blow Jobs. would like to reconnect with you. I miss you and looking for you!!!    


Roxies - m4w



I see  you  at Roxies in Quincy every once in a while, about 9 ok,,, you are about 40 or so,, have the sexiest eyes, blond hair, great smile,, .  Would love to meet for a drink or whatever,, hope you saw me,, I a married, 60, big build, white short hairmmm , hope to hear from you...    


uncomplicated friendship for an attached or married woman



I'm married, but unfortunately, the spark and sexual energy we had is severely lacking. I have no intentions of leaving and only wish to find an uncomplicated friendship with a like minded woman. 

Due to my marital status and limited free time, I would love to find a female in a similar situation interested and available weekdays in getting together when schedules permit, for a respite from the monotony of everyday married life.

I'm Italian-mix 6'2 in great shape and an educated working professional. I've traveled all around the world, have a variety of interests (film, music, literature), am a good conversationalist, and have a light sense of humor.

Any attractive, fit, married/attached female who desires a friendship that is discreet and pleasurable?

If interested please put 'STRESS FREE FRIENDSHIP' on the subject line or I will think it is spam and delete.



Heart broken - m4w



I miss her and she is here everyday.. she is married but continues to have these affairs with losers.. most days I deal with it fine even though I want to be with her myself..  should I walk? Some days I want to run!  Then I sit there and say how much she means to me.. This is constant pain and I am not sure why I don't bail.

Thoughts

Just heart breaking    


Young lady looking for ---- - m4w



Looking for young lady interested kpins/adds
Put PIN in subject line
Go fast so leave a # for contact
Contact for info    


How much more can I take! - m4w



Just not sure how much I can take watching someone I care about deeply become more and more of a train wreck every week. Justifying just about anything that comes along by some dude who is obviously selfish and only has his own best interest at heart! 

Just heart breaking    


Re: The first day - w4m



The first day of the rest of my life is when you're back in my arms.

And when will this be, my dear?    


Off black nylons, mercedes, blond cougar in Tyngsboro - m4w



Saw you yesterday getting gas at 7am or so.  You had on off black nylons and black flats with a shorter skirt, and looked amazing!  We made eye contact, I was pulling out as you were stepping out of your car.  You are stunning!  Would love to chat if you ever read this, which I know you won't!  Long shot but never know!    


looking for tammy with the huge tits from Lawrence - m4w



tammy ,cant stop thinking about your huge boobs  ,let me be your handyman !       
                                                                                                        Brian        





UPDATE: Meeting - m4w



I enjoyed our meeting on 12/13 at 1. I love blondes and you had curves in all the right places. I hated to see you go but I enjoyed watching you leave. Hopefully we can meet again. What did we meet about?

Update: we had a follow up meeting on 12/22. Feel bad you were sick. Hope you feel better. Regardless of you being sick...if I had mistletoe in my office I would've taken part in that tradition :-)    


Guy that works at super petroleum - m4m



You work at super petro on cresent in waltham. Im a straight guy but for some reason i have found myself very attracted to you. 
I noticed you had your nails done. Would be hot if i found out you wear panties too.    


The Beautiful Girl with bull terriers - m4w



S.N. This is a total shot in the dark that you might see this.The last time we messaged wasn't me. I was so sleep deprived and talking crazy. Give it one more chance. If you want to you know how you can reach me. Either way, I hope all is well. We still need to go snowboarding!    


Charlotte to Logan on Christmas - m4w



Hi. I don't do this. I never have. I read these for fun and entertainment. 
Maybe you do too so I figured I'd give it a throw and see what happens.
We sat across from each other at an airport terminal in Charlotte today. I was wearing an old Red Sox hat and reading a book. You were kinda fidgety, tall and very, very pretty.
We definitely looked at each other a couple of times. I think i saw you look to see what i was reading once.
At one point though I looked up and you were looking right at me. We held that look for maybe three seconds but it was a long three seconds. You had the prettiest eyes I think I've ever seen. Almost too pretty to look at.
In fact I was literally flustered and frozen when I looked at you and saw you looking back. 
I probably even blushed. I was like, in awe of you in that moment. I wonder if you noticed. 
We ended up next to each other as we were boarding.. I wanted to say something then but we were all so busy pushing onto the plane that the moment didn't find me. 
You ended up sitting somewhere behind me but I saw you as we were waiting to get off.. You looked tired but relieved.
I saw you again while you were waiting for your bag. I was on the phone and stepped outside for half a minute. I came back in and looked around for you...
I was going to at least say hello to you but you were gone.
My ride came and i left..
On the off chance that you see this you should message me. I think there was something there.. An attraction that under better circumstances would have been worth pursuing. 
There was for me anyway because I got off that plane four hours ago and I'm still thinking about you. 
If you're out there I hope I hear from you and you're  home safe and warm in your bed. 
Merry Christmas :)    


re: The first day - w4m



I want to stare into your eyes and never look away; 
I want you to hold me in your arms and tell me it's okay; 
I want to kiss with a passion that only we can share

-initials or something only we would know?    


Samantha or Sam - m4w



Please we talk for a couple months over text and it was great. We were still talking but my phone got reset. I really hope you see this. Please text me if you do but i doubt you will. I'm a major fuck up and you probably are not as interested.    


Uncut Shower Show Off - BSC central - m4m



You got into the shower while I was in the sauna, you cracked the curtain and showed off your hairy chest, hot body, and big uncut cock.
You sat next to me in the sauna but it was crowded
You also touched yourself a bit yesterday in the steam 
Love seeing your hairy chest, hot body, and your cock today
Let me know if you see this and wanna continue showing off naked sometime    


Friend of my ex - m4w



Hi seen u few weeks ago in panera  bread are u single, ur a friend of my ex , u were looking good, email me back ur initials so I know it's u    


easy - w4m



Your girl..  she has too much going on... not enough for you, and I know you worry about it.  I've seen enough to know you would never disappoint me in what I need the most.  Just talk to me.  I'm too shy or maybe too insecure because you, ONLY YOU, intimidate me.    


The first day - m4w



The first day of the rest of my life is when you're back in my arms.
When I look into your eyes and taste your lips.
Like being re-born.
Cleansed with love.
When we breath each other's energy and desire.
That first day will be filled with sunlight.
We will feel the Sun's kiss on our face. And know the Sun, Moon Water and Air is part of our love. 
You my Dear are me, as I am you. When we are naked together, joined in our body, we will know the power of love in flesh and heart.
Until the first day, you surround my being.
All my love, only too YOU.    


City Bar (lennox hotel) mid-July, your name starts with L - m4w



Hi, 

We met somewhat randomly at City Bar a few of months ago (mid-July), on a Monday after work. We talked about life, work, world travel, shared a kiss, exchanged phone numbers, and said our goodbyes when we got to your place. 

You live in Boston (but not originally from there), I don't. 

Honestly, I had so much fun talking with you, and I would love the opportunity to talk every once in a while, or even meet the next time that I am in town (probably in a few months). The number was local and no longer valid. 

I also want to apologize as I may have said some non-classy things towards the end of the evening, which I would certainly like to take back. (Too much good scotch? ) 

I hope that you see this and choose to reply. If so, mention something that was mentioned in the conversation (where are you from? where I am from ? what's my name? your name?) 

Totally charmed by you :)




Redline Lips - m4w



I was reading my book on the train. The train had made a few stops before she came on. Her chocolate brown skin grabbed my attention. She sat a few seats away on the other side. I tried to keep my attention on my book but I kept looking back at her. Her lips were so beautiful. Nice, full, and shaped perfectly. I wanted to kiss her but that would be weird.    


Nikki Albright (Lacroix) - m4w



Nikki A - m4w (Danvers)
age: 37

Nikki, i know you hate me, there is a lot of bad blood, but i promised you in 2009 to love you forever and for always, i may be an ex and you hate me but we made memories, we were a huge part of one another, i truly am sorry for it all, i truly do miss and absolutely still have love for you, please find me in your memories and let your heart tell you what to do next, text me email me give me some sort of sign that i actually meant something to you
Love always



Boston Beer Works - m4m



You are so hot. You work as a host/service gentleman. you have buzzed sides and longer hair on the top. I have noticed you for a long time. If you think this could be you, send a pic over my way. I have never done this before...I wish I wasn't so shy to come up to you and tell you this directly...so I instead to go to craigslist and post a memo in hopes that you read it...lol    


BSC Boylston - m4m



You were wearing glasses in sauna this afternoon.  Took a while, but then you revealed the goods.  Hey man -- if you want me to take care of you, hit me up.  hot stuff.    


My UPS Guy - m4m



Very nice to meet and chat with you today. I didn't see a wedding ring (and got my hopes up). 

If you see this by chance (hopefully), please drop me a note and tell me what we chatted about so I'll know it's you.

Thanks and hope to hear from you.    


Locker room/sauna - m4m



Hey stud, straight curious here, I've got the same vibe from you. Hit me up if that's the case, let's hangout.    


Colombian Chica/ Times Square,New Years Eve. - m4w



Hi,
I'm here looking for the Colombian Chica from Boston that I ran into in Times Square in New Years Eve.
We talked for a while and it
was definitely going somewhere and then I ditched you.
I apologize. I do have a reason and its not you.
I feel super bad and I'd like to apologize in person.. Over a coffee or whatever you feel like.
Please respond by describing my other friend u met. 
:)

P.S: I hope this Works.
Also, I'm describing you in the section below. ;)    


you are tall and have some awesome classic cars - m4m



i am free mornings and some afternoons, 49 years old, and would love to meet!
hope we can even if just becoming friends    


Wondering how you are LH - m4w
Stop and shop brookline - m4w



We smiled at each other a few times while walking passed each other in the isles. You might have been with your mom.    


You told me I shouldn't wear sweat pants D&D - m4w



We were at D&D this morning (Wednesday) you walked by me after getting your coffee while I was waiting for my sandwich. You told me to adjust myself and maybe not wear sweat pants like that. You left while looking back with a smile, was that a hint? I haven't seen you there before but if you see this get back to me.    


sociopath - m4w



I could have kept trying and trying.  Even though I know I can't save you.  But I lost my desire to touch you.  And the only thing we had was physical.  You thought I slept with a person.  You admitted to sleeping with the most disgusting person we know. You found out you made a mistake, and realized I did not do that.  Now you stalk this girl who was only a friend to me, trying to ruin her life.  The amount of effort you put into conflict and hurting others... If you applied 1/10 of that to our relationship, in a problem area, you'd have more selfish gains from that than you ever would with manipulation and sneakiness. Now I can't get my penis hard for you anymore. I left. I'm never coming back.  And I'm free in my heart of hearts.  You are forever lost.  And I know you don't have a conscience, don't feel fear, and can't self reflect meaningfully enough to grow... So you won't learn by missing me.   And each day I will take the time to learn how to not miss you.  Human beings are missed.  People who care and have feelings and emotions that benefit the soul.  Those people deserve to be missed.  You... You don't even know the meaning.  After learning what sociopaths are, and understanding that they cannot love or understand love... I don't judge my love by its ability to inspire anything in you.  I judge my love by what it could do to protect my beliefs in happiness as I withstood your abuse year after year.  I am a man and my body is more powerful than yours and without laws you are easily overpowered and not dangerous.  But in a society that caters to women like you.... You are dangerous and capable of executing evil.  You hurt others for pleasure and I've kept quiet about it.  You've harmed my family and I've stood in your corner protecting you.  But now I know what you do in private.  And it proves everything I have learned as fact.  You're a sociopath, and a sociopath can only hate and victimize who they are with.  

I still pray for you even though every place I go and research, people say it's never changed anyone.  God only changes and heals people who admit they need it and want it.  But, I pray that you are inspired to listen to your God. And I pray that you wake up from Satan's grip on you and reach out for the one who created you.  

I'm healing everyday from your emotional rape of me.  From your molesting my heart and soul.  But, i still gag sometimes, and can't believe that the thought of a person can actually cause the feeling of wanting to puke.   I thought that was only in movies and cartoons.  But it isn't.  I actually throw up food when I think about you.    


Katie, the girl I met at the Brooklyn Boulders New Years Eve jazz evnt - m4w



I'm looking for a girl named Katie (spelling?) that I met at the New Years eve 1917 / Jazz event at Brooklyn Boulders in Somerville. We kissed at midnight and throughout the rest of the night, and I had an amazing time talking with you for about two hours. It may sound weird after only having known you for such a short time, but since then I haven't been able to get you out of my head. You were breathtakingly gorgeous, and I'm kicking myself for the fourth night in a row for not getting your last name or number. 

Most of what I have to go by is that you're 25 years old, live in MA (maybe Somerville?) but are originally from Rhode Island, and are of Greek, Italian, and Mexican descent. I've checked the FB event, looked through tagged posts on Instagram, all in hopes to be able to talk with you at least one more time - but so far haven't found a trace of you. This is the last resort I could think of; I hope someone recognizes this description of you and can let you know.



Psychic Skittles



Although he wanted perfection, he had to settle for a snow globe. 

I can't remember if you were a collector of toys that you never took out of the box. I always played with mine because it is a waste to not enjoy what it is you want. Ever go into a vintage toy store and see multiple unopened toys that nobody wants? That's because they were meant to be played with at the time and enjoyed in the time you got it.

Maybe it occurred to you that I wouldn't want a coneticunt anywhere near me in the aftermath of all the lies and deceit. I never was good at playing "Guess Who?" but always solved the Hardy Boys mysteries before the author discribed them. 

Back at the Air Supply in Philadelphia I learned that you get profiled on the want of prostitutes even if you think you were looking for a drinking buddy. 

I read your jacket, or rather I had it read to me. Yes, I was impressed in the content. I was disturbed that I was not your only obsession. Not to be mistaken with jealousy, that I know definitively. You continuously make the same mistakes due to your inability to differentiate between what it is you see and what actually occurs. I would expect someone under the age of 25 to make this mistake a few times, but to continue this pattern professionally and personally is very disturbing. You once thought that I shouldn't play pretend or deceive others with a backstory, but you are the biggest fraud I know in this regard. 

You claim I talk too fast but you can't even process what you see with what I say. 

I think that the mistake of you wanting a toy in the box that no one else should play with but you isn't about gambling on a value of increased value in ten to twenty years, but a continued obsession you need to control before it kills you.

I push away your affection because it reminds me of how disgusted I am with the inception of the LLC's and B's of your actions. If a man has great wealth, power, and privileges then he would find a better person that could get a better handle on this handle. 

I have a "sticky hand" theory that applies. So, I put a quarter in the gumball machine and get a sticky hand. I line up different objects after I start playing with the sticky hand. I look at one object as I strike another one as the toy has become affixed to it. The one I wanted is still pristine, however untouched. The one I got has made the sticky hand covered in hair and dirt. When I detach it to try for the original it doesn't stick because it touched the first thing I didn't want.

Moral is, stop trying to touch me with your sticky hands because you have rendered your grip on me useless. 

Sorry you had to settle for something else. 

I probably would not have been good to you.

Love,
KH

ps help me and stop hurting me    


AA MIA to BOS flight, yesterday night. - m4w



We were at the same flight. After flight you were waiting at the wrong carousel and then your limo was waiting for you at the wrong terminal. I hope you had a better day today.    


My Married Neighbor from NYE - m4m



I had a really hot encounter with you NYE after your wife passed out.   I couldnt believe the things I got you to do with your big cock.  I have lusted for you for two years and felt amazing after I had you.  I am not expecting much, but i thought I should try here first. If you see this, please reach out.  Just tell me one of our names.  I would love to take care of that nice cock of yours anytime you need and give a place to release inside of again.   Hope to hear from you    


Spotted in parking lot - m4m



Came out to my porch turn on the spotlight seeing a car in the parking lot looks like you're laying down hopefully male on male love the male on male I was sad when you left let me know what you're driving and what color very discreet and private thanks    


HMS from Burma - m4w



I'm always happy to see you in my clinic. You are delightful and smart and beautiful. I can't tell you this in person because it's not politically correct so I can only make small talk, and if you ask me I will have to deny I wrote this. I just needed to say it.I'll see you around.    


Russian steam bath guy from LA! - m4m



Hello we hung out in the steam and sauna today. You were  visiting from Los Angeles . If you see this hit me up. I felt like there are a  connection. Send a pic of your self or tell me what locker number you had. We left at the same time. You called an Uber. Cheers    


i saw ya on the orange line - w4m



You were wearing a post office uniform and we made eye contact when you were sitting across from me. Something about you was mesmerizing, especially when you smiled at me. Tell me what color my hair was, we should get coffee.    


Endicott Lacrosse Acapulcos Tuesday



Saw you at Acapulcos Tuesday. Grey sweatpants, hat, and Endicott Lacrosse Jacket. Everyone but you and your friend noticed me looking at you.    


airport, termianl c, Boston logan airport - m4w



I saw you in the TSA line. You looked familiar. Then I saw you again in terminal c near gate 10. I stared at you as yoh walked by.  At the last second you noticed me, and walked by. At the same exact time we both looked back at each other. We know each other and I don't know how, but we do. One of us should have turned around to figure it out. It's bothering me now. LMK    


Derek from NH? - m4m



Your name is Derek, we met briefly today while waiting for our names to be called. You said you were from New Hampshire. Tell me where this was and something we talked about. Hope this reaches you. ---D    


temper fidelis - w4w



ramona, beyond the curtains of even the most certain reality lies a heart that swore it would love you forever.

...
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May
...
But thy eternal summer shall not fade
...


- cpt.    


Kingston Mall - m4w



You near the Independence Mall and have a kinky, playful mind?

If so, shoot me a message and I will share you my fantasy...maybe share yours?

I hope to hear from you.

35 years old here



Orange theory - m4w



Wow you are gorgeous! We were in a class together. Hope we can be again. The rower is a killer    


Blonde Girl in the Tam on NYE - m4w



Just curious, were you waiting for someone or just hanging out?

Let me buy you a drink next time, you seemed like you are a lot of fun








we chatted at a brew pub in Norton on 12/22 - m4w



We talked about travel and I wanted to ask for your number but chickened out. I liked your laugh and you wore glasses and worked nearby. Your name starts with an "E"  

If this is you, mail me    


That night in the motel - m4w



We had spent years kinda dancing around our attraction...

Until one night when it all came out intensely and passionately.

At that motel we completely opened up and it became real. I ripped your clothes off. You pulled mine off.

We touched, kissed, grinded and pushed. I spent so much time going down on you. You were so wet and came so many times.

I still think if you often. Only now our feelings would be forbidden. I wonder what would have been.    


The beautiful girl around the corner - m4w



I see this absolutely beautiful girl about once a week. I'm always walking my dog. We exchanged a few hellos and smiles yesterday. Next time I see you I have to get your name and phone number.    


Senior Chat - m4w



We had a very stimulating chat on senior chat a short time ago. Before I knew it you were gone. Your email did not work.
Daddy needs his little girl    


Whole Foods - m4m



Wanted to give u my number but wasn't sure.. We exchanged a few words in produce section    


New Years at Ascend - m4w



You were at Elephante's show at Ascend on New Years, with your sister and I tried to hook you up with my friend but you or your sister had no interest. The three of us ended up dancing for hours until it closed and then we headed on our separate ways. You live in Boston, but grew up in Milwaukee, which is were your sister still lives. You two were a lot of fun and it would be great to meet up again. Hopefully, you find this.    


Re:  All his life



Because, when it came down to it...when push came to shove...when the rubber met the road...when it was time to sink or swim...

He sank

Because he is a big fat whining baby and nobody likes that    


BSC hot tub - m4m



You were the young guy in the tub yesterday afternoon, college aged with blond highlights.   We made eye contact but there were too many people to go anything.  Don't worry I'm not the pervert with the comb over and glasses.  When you got out I checked out your fat ass.  I liked it.

If you are interested and think you know who I am, get in touch.   This stays between us.    


Tavern in Sq - m4m



Dinner last night around 6. You sat in booth next to me and we faced each other. Our eyes kept on connecting. You're a little younger than me and very cute. You were with friends and so was i so couldn't really do more than look. Very dl here. Hope to here from you    


Heard you in the next stall - m4m



Heard you slapping your dick in your hand in the stall next to me. Rest area off 128. Wanted to participate but I always see cops there so was a bit scared to. Willing to get together if you are interested. You had on a yellow shirt. I think you drove a dark SUV. Bigger guy. Message me what I looked like because we did make eye contact before hand just so I know it's really you.    


Fit nudist - m4m



Hey, we keep missing each other, you were just north of woburn off 93, I was going to come by during the midday, you said that worked for you. Looking forward to edging you. Please hit me back. Still very interested...    


Salem home depot - m4m



Hey New years eve day around 3:pm, There was a dark colored Bemer as well as a red pick up truck in the back parking lot with lights on. Not sure if either of you where looking for anything, you were there for a while. I am new and did not know how to proceed. I would love to hear back from someone especially that could host in that area. Thanks    


Alyssa - m4w



You came into my Starbucks on New Years Eve and wished me a happy one. Whenever you come in and smile at me, thank me, and wish me a good day...it becomes one because of you. I know the odds of you seeing this are slim to none, but in the off-chance that you do, reply with the drink you usually get.    


I was your Uber driver Friday 28th Oct - m4w
Friendly encounter, BJ's Rt 53 - m4m



Hey man, spoke to you New Year's Eve at the meat cooler about the filet mignon... you only needed a couple, I needed more. We talked about the different packaging, and I ran into you in a side aisle and I said thanks for the suggestion. Then by coincidence I was behind you in the self checkout line, and you smiled at me a couple times when you were scanning. It all seemed benign, but then when you pulled your wagon away, you said something (probably Happy New Year but I didn't hear it) and flashed that warm smile again.

When I checked my stuff and left, I thought wow, I'd love to run into him again in the parking lot... not sure why, as we both wear a ring but it seemed like there was a connection. I am so curious now. You have such a gentle demeanor, and a handsome face. I think you have a sturdy build under that bulky coat...    


Nye eve..Hey man I know youre straight and all... - m4m



I really wanted you man think youre soo fucking hot got close to inviting you in to my place after you twisted your knee but glad you went home wish i knew what couldve happened. I wanted you soo fucking bad I would never let anyone know be our little secret..but alas..you wont be reading this but needed to let this out    


Giulia - awesome hair - w4m



You told me I had awesome hair as I walked out. I think you're really cute. What color hair and what time was it?    


The Chateau - m4w



You were w/your 3 children
I was w/my wife
We would glance toward each other and we smiled 



AT&T store Harvard square - w4m



Your name was Umit and you helped me w my new phone today and you were sexy as hell. I'd love to get a drink w you sometime. If you happen to see this message me with the type of work I do, per our conversation.    


Gym Crush - w4m



Hey You, 
Still got this crush. It's great seeing you at the gym. Maybe I'll work up the courage to actually speak to ya. Till then, keep working in there. I notice ;)    


To Rice, from Naan - w4m



If you really have forgiven me, will you please send me a picture of you? It's been so long since I've seen your face. 

Pretty please?    


BSC Lynndfield this afternoon - m4m



We were in the steam room together and I sat across from you.  When I left you were still in the locker room.  You have a beard and very good looking.  Our eyes connected at one point, but there was someone else in the steam, so didn't speak.  Would certainly like to speak.  Let me know.    


my opponent - m4w



You were the only woman I ever loved. Ever will.
I will remember the first couple years always, not the last..I pray that you will find happiness, even love.. you are still young enough to try again and you're still gorgeous. You deserve it. I think i already got what i deserved.
Good luck kiddo. 
Just some other guy in the world now.



Woburn YMCA Steam Room - m4m



We were both in the steam room around 4:30pm today at the North Suburban Y. You've got a HOT body! I'm pretty sure we were both thinking about the same thing in there but it was too busy. Get in touch and tell me some details so that I know I'm talking to the right guy.    


Bouncer at north star - w4m



I was outside standing in the rain on new year's Eve just before midnight in a white coat. You have beautiful dreads and a smile that could light the world. You saw me pass the door then winked at me through the window. I wasn't alone so couldn't pursue but wanted to. I'm on the cape but have a friend named Jenny at the holiday inn express a few doors down from your job who's helping me look for you. She has my number. Go get it. Danielle    


Rock Climbing woman who works for Public School on Redline Subway - m4w



We talked on the Redline Subway the other day.  You were coming back from your winter vacation.  Like to chat with you again.    


Rogue One at Jordan's in Reading today at 1 PM - m4w



Hi!

My daughter and I sat next to you and your son today for the 1 PM showing of Rogue One at the Jordan's IMAX theater in Reading.  I was only able to say a few words to you before and after the show, but you seemed as interested as I was to talk more.  I was unable to say what I wanted to say before we had to exit the theater, and I regret that very much.

You have straight brown hair and you wore black yoga pants or leggings with Converse sneakers.  You have a tattoo on your left wrist :-)

If you see this, even though I know it is probably a long shot, I'd love to hear from you!

- J




Back bay bathroom just now - m4m



Happened today Monday afternoon/evening. 

Had fun times in the bathroom but it got a bit crowded. Seems like we tried to follow each other for a bit but got separated. 

Describe you and me. Maybe we can get together and finish ;)    


Jeans - m4m



Remember when I put on your jeans? First time in a bunk bed is always good.

AIM

Maybe subliminally that's why I like penn station sandwiches so much.

Love,
King H

ps always the admirer, jealousy doesn't suit me

pss I do remember saying more than one is good    


Intercontinental Men's Spa - m4m



Several weeks ago we were both hanging out naked in the men's steam room. You were a local and a very proud exhibitionist (rightly so!). Could tell we both weren't certain about making that first move. Wish I had! Let's enjoy a break from the cold. Open to any other similar dudes who are interested. Please be 25-45, HWP, non-smoker and DDF. Professional MWM business traveler here. Safe and discreet only. Send pics and put "Happy Hour" in your reply. Will be at the spa today between 5-8pm.    


Delivering to your house - m4w



Delivering to your house while you were removing Xmass ornaments 
Grinding your ass on the chair so I could watch thanks for the show 
Invite me in next time or please respond to this and I will meet you



Best Fitness/Steam Room - m4m



Hey bud, we both work out at this place, and it seemed like there was a connection/chemistry right when we were both were at the steam room, would like to connect and see what's up! Would like to meet up!    


Gloucester yoga - m4w



To my very sexy yoga instructor missing our sexy talks about what I want to do to you! Think about you daily hot hot hot! Call me invite me over I'm ready let me spank that ass!! You love me I know it!    


Re I wish I knew too - m4w



Is it you?
How will I know?
You're pretty smart and may have guessed right, but there could be others.....how will I know who you are really seeking?? That's what I want to know?? Auto sexual, not to be confused with Bi

Edit...... what do you mean by this? "And I know now all that I should have known then"
Not forgetting you, too much intrigue!

Edit.....and if I know it's you FOR SURE, let's plan on drinks after New Years..... and by the way happy winter solstice, pagan ritual celebration !    


BSC Sauna and locker room - m4m



Today late morning saw you in the locker room and then the showers and urinal. You are built a bit older and black, and very hung/hot. We were in the steam room then you gave me a show one time while leaving the shower. When I was leaving and you were going to workout I showed you at the urinals. Would be down to meet at the gym again or in person. DL here too.    


Dentist on your lunch break. - m4w



It was nice finally meeting you in person haha I thought we handled a pretty awkward situation pretty well. You said you had to use your lunch break to go to the dentist..Not even sure if you're still single but I wish I asked you if I could've taken you out  for dinner tonight to make up for it..Hope your visit to the dentist was painless, nice chompers by the way ;).    


Hey buddy. - m4m



Morning, shot in the dark, but what the H. Older white guy just back from shopping at Shaw's. Saw U (hot young white guy) near me who came in behind me at checkout counter. I was nonchalantly checking out & U seemed friendly. U wore baseball cap I think & some kind cutoffs. Must say, ur sexy as hell looking, masculine, nice hairy legs. Loved ur walk & the way you carried yourself. What can I say? lol
Waited outside & saw U walk to ur car & drive away. Wanted to approach, but didn't. Shy here. If U read this & are interested - I'd really LOVE to meet up. If U see this & are at all interested - if U remember...what did U ask me at counter? And what color was your car?    


re: YOU - m4w



As you know  as a YOU I have been waiting for quite a long time now to communicate with  you. It would be a pleasuer for both of us to talk. I can only promise you a safe place to say what ever it is you have to say. Be well stay warm. Till then...XO ME    


looking for an old friend - m4m



long shot but looking for bill from acton area..think you were electrician?  we got together a few years ago..be nice to reconnect..dan here    


At champions New Year's Eve - m4w



You were sitting at the bar with a friend had small vest on. Would love to chat.    


Sterling ct



If your names start with D (male) and P(female) we met you in sterling ct around Labor Day. We would like to meet again    


sex in the woods... - m4m



Enjoyed jacking off while watching you get fucked in the woods the other day. That beefy young guy turned you around and bent you over like he owned you. Then he stuck his big, thick cock in your smooth, round ass and went to town.    


Looking For Lady Barber Named Coco



She gave me a great haircut and new style. She is no longer working at the South Weymouth Barber Shop. I would like to find where she is presently working so I can patronize her again.    


I came to your house in Taunton - m4w



came over your house at night around 830. i wanted to bend you over the kitchen counter so bad. this was the first time we met.    


Sarah Price? - m4w



She moved to the east coast about six months ago.  Anyone know her?

She hurt me in unspeakable ways.

I want to make peace with her, erase the negative energy, go our separate ways, and move on with my life.

I'm not looking to trash talk her online, I just want someone who knows her to nudge her into giving proper and decent closure.    


Today,10/3/16,RTE 1...You had to take a left and I went straight - m4w



Long shot here... Today, we saw each other from our cars... You had to take a left and I went straight... RTE1 Norwood/Westwood area around 1:00... Tell me what you did and what color your car was, and mine..., if you can remember. I'm hoping you feel my energy and look in here at missed connections...    


Pretty Kitty at Opus - m4w



Happy New Year, 

I don't think you're gonna see this, but I figured what the hell. I was at Opus last night, (NYE) and saw you. I couldn't take my eyes off of you. I don't think i've ever seen a woman so sexy. I couldn't help but over hear that your name was Kat. You and your friends mentioned theatre a lot, so I assume you work in the arts. I hope you had a good night last night, i'd have loved to have shared a kiss with you at the stroke of midnight, and maybe even have ended the night in bed.    


Red Dress at NYE Party - m4w



I couldn't take my eyes off you at the New Years Eve party in Salem at the Old Town Hall. You're a gorgeous blonde with sexy glasses. You were wearing an amazing short dark red dress. Your legs are perfect. You were hanging out with a group of people and I believe your boyfriend was wearing a blue shirt. I'd have loved to have been giving you a kiss at the stroke of midnight.    


Cheap Party Bus Rental $500 - m4w



Dont spend a fortune on Party bus companies.
Get a Couple Friends and call or text us... Dont Drink and drive. 
Rent a Party Bus for Cheap!!! 16/20 passengers ( 400/600 per night ) Call now and Refer This Add for this amazing deal No need to Drive! Plan your own Trip to Night Clubs, Casinos, Bars Concerts, etc. We Rent Party Buses Flat Rate "No 20% Gratuity " "No Gas Fee" "No Cleaning fee" No Additional fees at all!!!! Call/Text (seven seven four eight two six five zero eight six )for a quote. We Provide very professional services and our buses features leather seating, tinted windows, Led lights, Dance Pole etc.

South Shore and surrounding areas.    


I think your hot ;) - m4w



The woman at the pizza place in Middleton mass. I think your pretty cute. Just saying    


NYE at The International CC - m4w



Hi,
You were at The International CC for NYE and you were having a great time , you were with a date but I was checking you out and you knew it, you also dropped your tiara and I picked it up and handed it to you.'''You were in your mid to late 20"s.
Send a picture and Id love to talk to you.    


Stardust Video - m4m



What a bunch of hot guys today!  I had a lot of fun and am going back tomorrow afternoon/evening.    


Vitamin Shoppe Braintree - m4w
Logan Uber Ride Home Today - m4m



Such a long shot as never did this but will try!  You picked us up at Logan this morning and I sat in front and we talked about Pats and your career plans.  I have gf and straight guy but something clicked with me that would love to chat!!  Tell me career plans and what car you picked up at JetBlue.    


You Posted : Married for Married - 40s Short Version - m4w



I love what you wrote - it resonated with me on every level.  I tried to message you but your post must have been flagged (only on CL!) while I was typing.  I think we'd be perfect partners in crime.  Get in touch!    


MIchelle from New Years party? - m4w



We were at a mutual friends New Year's Eve party.  You have short brown curly hair and are a a little older than me. 
You said we didn't talk much when you went to leave... so let's talk more. 
Tell me who you were there with and your last name so I know it's you.    


Mike - m4m



You use to come by my house late at night and I would throw on some str8 porn and watch you masturbate for a bit. You usually ended up naked and I would
give you a hand job until you would explode. One time I ended up blowing you and it was awesome. This went on for about a year. Tell me what color and type of car you drove, what room we usually played
in, what my name is or anything else you can remember about our play time so that I know it's you. I would love to do it again. You're fuckin' hot!    


Pretty Brunette at Father John Misty Concert - m4w



I was in line at the Father John Misty concert at the House of Blues back in April with my sister and was wearing aviator sunglasses and talking to this guy about bands we wanted to see in concert. I think you were 2 spots behind me in line and I thought you were pretty cute and we smiled at each other a couple times and just wanted to try to find out who you are.    


Great eye contact at REI this afternoon - m4w



You:  Beautiful blonde shopping with an older friend.
Me:  Very interested.
Us:  Coffee and conversation sometime soon?    


South shore catering worker - m4w



I wished you a happy 2017 last night at the door. You were catering an event and I was working as well. Your work was finished before the event was over. Write the word event in subject line and where we were.    


Saved your afternoon - m4w



I just helped save your afternoon.  You were really nice, appreciative, easy to talk to, interesting and VERY cute!  As we parted ways I thought I it seemed that you'd like to keep in touch.  Probably not much chance you'll see this but in the chance you do maybe we could get to know each other a little better?  Tell me something we talked about so I know it's you.    


you stepped on my bare toes - m4w



So, you stepped on my bare toes during the post race party. I know I should have been wearing shoes, but then we wouldn't have had a chance to flirt, ever so briefly. I'm sorry we didn't reconnect before I had to leave. Let me know if you felt the same stirrings?    


Looking for Lou Maura - m4m



This is a long shot.   Looking for a Louis Maura that went to Harvard University in 1970 or 71.  I believe he was from Flanders NJ.    


Next to each other at phish - w4m



We sat next to each other for phish at msg December 29, 2016. You tried to kiss me but I was shy. I'm from Boston, you from a small town near by. Obviously there's such a slim chance you'll see this, but if you do let's retry that kiss. You were cute and obviously have good taste in music... send me your section and seat number in any response!    


WOW GYM - m4w



I just want to say that you are so beautiful I wish I was younger I would ask you out.The Patriots game was on    


cashier - m4m



Good looking cashier this morning.. nice smile 
Lots of eye contact.  I was talking about the woman with the neck brace. 
Would love to talk to you.    


We have been emailing...and then the CL email address died - m4m



You are a guy who responded to my CL post about my wife.  I was not looking for a guy, but your situation was unique.  I rather not say anything too specific, as I don't want to betray your anonymity.  I would love to get back in touch.    


We use to sext.   Lost my number - m4w



Anyone use to sext with a hung hockey player ??

Do I look familiar ?
If so hmu...    


Wamesit Lanes missed connection - m4w



Never tried this before, Long shot. ****Striking Blonde

We made eye can't stop thinking about you.  You definitely turned my head right after Christmas 

Let's grab a drink    


Hi Beautiful - m4w
Anthonys - m4w



I picked up some takeout New Years Eve. While I was waiting I could not help staring at your cute little ass. Your panty lines got me hard. Get in touch so I can give you the tip I should have left. It's worth it to you to do this, trust me. I'm a generous guy. Thanks.    


You brought homebrew - m4m



Thanks for the beer! You offered such a warm hug, wondered if it meant more.
Let's open a bottle together soon.
Say something i'd know. Our street or the type of beer.



Eye flirting - m4w



Stuck with the wrong crew.   Would've liked to have at least said hi instead of a wave goodbye.    


Equinox Dartmouth American flag - m4m



You work at Equinox and had on American flag shorts the other day. You have the greatest ass in the whole gym. Would love to have a beer with you sometime    


re: all his life



oh, some former prostitute finally had the conscious realization. 

poor forsaken man, and who do you think noticed?    


Wegmanns - N'boro  Crossing - m4m



On December 29th, we seemed to be following each other.  You were in sweat pants, had glasses and some facial hair.  We stopped for Yogurt and then in the cereal isle (17b).  Would love to connect with you.    


Arias - Coffee? - m4w



Hey Super Sexy,

You are indeed my missed connection. What we shared and experienced was incredible. The passion, the caring, the warmth of you, the talks, the laughs, and more...
Happy New Year.

Love you Always,
J.    


Unicorn ranch getting together again soon! - m4mw



Attention sexy unicorns and sexy YOUNGER couples! Do you want a group of men or some handpicked couples to make your dreams come true? We can help for sure. Lookup Boston Sex Club online and get in touch! We fuck and suck like Tasmanian Devils and everyone is met in person before being allowed in. This is not the typical swingers party dominated by older married couples or solo guys walking around with their dicks in their hands! The average age at out parties is 30 and there is never any pressure to join in. Single women and sexy younger couples please drop us a line!    


My buddy's wife - m4w



Married to a friend of mine but I can't stop thinking about you,
Wish u had that hall pass    


Re-you - m4w



Nothing would please me more.
I've waited a long time to get the opportunity to speak with you.
You're still in my thoughts and dreams. 
Please make it soon. I wouldn't want to wait till December 31 of this year.
Till then, Best wishes and a HappyNew Year.    


You - w4m



Happy New Year, You.

I still think about You. Think this is going to be the year we finally talk. And maybe more.

Love and best wishes til then...    


Want what I can't have - m4w



Christmas party wrapped and like a dump ass I made the mistake of asking for a kiss.  I'm guessing reluctantly you followed through and then it was over.  Not surprised and dumbly I tried to cover it with trying to make sure you got home ok.  I wish that circumstances were different and I had the chance to get to know you differently!  Stupid me timing is everything.  Wishing I could take it back but feeling I should not......Emm    


Amanda Amanda Amanda - m4w



We matched when I super liked you, we were having a nice conversation and then you disappeared. You were at a bar ordering a drink when we matched and started to talk.

I like to think it was by accident that you removed me for some reason, if you or someone you know sees this, I hope you see it and send me a message.

Tell me a little something about my photos or our conversation.

If you are not sure this is you, you have 2 almost identical photos on your profile, only difference is that one is color, the other is B&W, you call tell me about those photos too to prove you are you.

I hope you are safe in your travels home this evening, and you have a wonderful new year.    


Hibachi Norwood - m4w



Unlike all the other people that say this......I've truly NEVER done this before!!!  I saw you tonight at Hibachi in Norwood.  I was there with my wife and son and you were sitting at the same table as us.  You were there with a friend (sister?) and I couldn't stop making eye contact with you.  Actually, the last few times we made eye contact I got hard. If you only knew the thoughts racing through my mind.  I'm hoping like hell you see this and also hoping you don't mind me being married.  I'd give you anything and everything you want.  
   I hope you have a great New Years Eve!!  Seriously though, if you happen to see this please email me.  I'd like to tell you why I was so captivated by you.    


BSC: Walked into my shower stall - m4m



Hey--

You walked into my shower stall today as I was showering. You were very apologetic but I really didn't mind. You were free to join if you wanted.

Let me know if you were interested.    


I want to personally thank you - m4w



Please do not delete this
I am over 40, and I am sure so is he.
Perhaps this does not happen to everyone, but that day everything went wrong, and this was the last straw, I could not think clearly, and people were being pushy.  This man seen what was going on, walked up and asked the teller how much and he paid it, gave me a hug.  The cashier asked me a question, and when I turn around, he was gone.  I am not a college girl looking for a good time, I am a very thankful woman.


I am far from being shy, but I was in a panic when I did not have the money for my groceries, 
you paid over $50 for my groceries, hugged me, but left before I could find out who you are. 
You have deep clear eyes and a big wood cross on your chest.

You did not notice, but most people say I am Hot
I want to personally thank you my fulfilling every fantasy you may have, 
and I also have a few.
You were my life savior, let me be yours




happy new years eastern mass - m4w
swimmers shoulder - m4m



This isn't a missed connection because we connected, I have to say you are a handsome man, hot beefy body.  May I toss your salad next time?    


All  his  life-



He was  too far out to sea,
                        Not  waving but  calling for  help,
                        and as  the  people  on shore,
                        watched  in awe  and wonder,
                        He  disappeared..............................................................................



For "Tiberius Kirk" - w4m



You answered my post with the correct name--is it really you? You answered it so quickly after its being posted and at such a strange time of day; it seems unlikely. Your first name is fairly common--I hope it's really you. If it is you, thank you and have a great New Year.    


Maryann - m4w



You are not old you look just as beautiful as you did 8 years ago. I should of asked for your number then and again today. Hoping you see this but probably will not happen.    


Bball Game M Plex - m4m



Good looking guy with goatee sat in front of me at my daughters bball game this morning. Think you sat in front of me at another game a couple weeks ago?  Coincidentally?    


Legacy Place Friday afternoon - w4m



We walked by each other once and exchanged a glance and a smile. We traveled in opposite directions near the new Amazon locker store front by Whole Foods. Then we happened to be walk past each other again around the same spot, this time the connection seemed more intense. I was with a friend and we went into the parking garage to leave. I've been kicking myself for not turning back to say Hi. You were wearing a black and grey striped sweater. 

If you felt the same spark, I hope to hear from you.    


Linda. Natick. Nurse. Plumbing - m4w



I was doing plumbing at your house, and coming back tomorrow. I would have came back tonight , but after seeing how out of the way you were going to let it be known you were leaving for a 12 hour shift , an only your husband would be home tonight , but you would be home tomorrow. I was sold. I loved the panty line , and that ass in those pajamas . be my nurse any day please!! I could only hope you see this before tomorrow. I want my dick inside you , and admire that ass dancing with each thrust of my hips. Fuck.. You have me horny as fuck you sexy milf. Make your hubby go somewhere and this younger plumber will clear your drains , and leave you addicted. I'm hard thinking of it.    


Wholefoods in Arlington this afternoon - m4m



Shopping at the Wholefoods in Arlington this afternoon.  Our carts faced each other and we made eye contact near the prepared food.  You smiled.  I was wearing a dark blue ski jacket and a blue shirt, glasses - looking rather dumpy.  You looked great.  And your smile took my breath away.  Not sure why, but it did...

You moved your cart around me and headed to the deli counter.  I wish I had followed.  Next time  I will.




New Friends for the new year - m4w



A very attractive, petite 25 y/o lady posted on the CE section but your post got removed awfully fast. I tried to reply but my email got kicked back. You stated you were about 15 minutes North of Boston...so am I. I thought we could talk about having a mutual beneficial friendship. If you see this I'd love to talk. 43 M here. A generous and kind hearted soul.    


Planet fitness today around 12:15 PM - m4m
stop & shop - m4w



You were short and cute, (more like breathtakingly beautiful.) Wearing all dark gym like clothes. I had jeans, a black jacket and work boots. We were in each other's way for a little bit, common yet awkward on a crowded place. I work for the Fed so I can't just approach people and risk being creepy. I've been thinking about you all day after. Who did I did I work for, specifically? It was visible and hard to miss.    


Paulina Uber drive - m4w



We had a great conversation and I thought you were gorgeous.

You are a Zumba teacher :)    


Neighbors! - m4m



Hello there,

Turns out we have a little bit in common... including names! It was so much fun seeing you in the heat today. Email me here if you want to maybe keep in contact?    


D for J - m4m



Hey man! Good running into you again today. Get in touch if you like, no pressure. Just so you know it's me, you forgot your underwear. :)    


Weymouth Club - m4w



To the sexy girl with the short haircut, the knee high socks and the tennis skirt working out at the Weymouth Club fitness center today (Saturday NYE).......just wanted to say you are one sexy lil vixen, since that communication would be inappropriate at the gym.  Probably inappropriate here as well but since you will likely never read this, I suppose that makes it a little less so. In the unlikely event that you do, let's leave the gym behind and grab a drink.    


Cambridge Hufflepuff - m4m



To the hufflepuff who pointed out my gryffindor scarf and yelled yellow and black is better when I was in pedestrian mode and said "eh it's alright" then walked away- just realized you're cute.  Whoops.  You're probably not queer (or single), but cuffing season is in full swing and I wouldn't mind a date.    


Mighty Mighty Bosstones - m4w



Two girls, a redhead and a blonde, that were next to me. I was the tall guy with long hair and a white shirt that tried to stop the pit from engulfing you. We chatted a bit, and you thanked me when I left. I regret not asking for your number then, but I was really shy, a little drunk, and in a bit of a hurry. I hope one of you sees this.    


Tapestry - m4w



A tapestry covers the walls of my mind, and its patterns tell the stories of my dreams.  

In one section, the tapestry looks perfect, with bright clear lines and vivid pictures, and it will remain forever so because those dreams did indeed come to pass.  Other dreams will never transpire, no matter how badly I want them to, and those sections have begun to fade and grow threadbare.  Other dreams linger on and remain possibilities, and that section is still bright, the colors as hopeful today as the day they were conceived. And finally, there is a corner completely missing, yet to be filled with those new dreams still unimagined.

As the years pass, the missing corner grows smaller, and the faded section creeps slowly outward, ever expanding to gray out space in the realm of remaining possibilities.  But what of those dreams that lie near this boundary now, in the precarious zone between the never-will-be and the one-day-still-might-be?  Sometimes I stare inwardly and very hard at this portion of the tapestry and what I see is that the colors remain bright but the threads begin to pull apart.  I think the color must represent My Hope, and the tightness of the threads must represent My Belief.  And at times, my hope is strong, but my belief is weakening underneath. 

I wonder now as we enter another New Year, whether I can somehow pull tight the threads of my belief, to give the potential in my dreams the best chance to be realized? And I wonder again, that while I am the sole proprietor of my own dreams, none of them depend on just me; they depend on other people, they depend on environment, they depend on the grace of God, they depend on health, they depend on luck.  So that even if I found absolute belief in myself, somehow, none of my dreams could ever be secured by that alone. That other uncontrollable place is where my uncertainty resides. 

In the spirit of resolutions, I now tell myself this: that the thing I believe in most, as hard as it sometimes is, is in the power of Love. So that is where I will place my belief on all the things I cannot control. And I will try my best to live my life with an outbound and patient kind of love, expecting of nothing in return, but wishing I might be granted a break now and then. 

I have often wondered whether I am somewhere on your tapestry, and if I am, what part of it I inhabit? You of course are featured prominently on mine in an area that has a permanent brilliance, but threads beginning to separate.

I hope that what you feel in me someday is the power of my love. And I hope that it draws you to me. So that our two separate tapestries might be combined into a single larger one, with a relatively smaller faded region, and a much bigger open corner. So many of my dreams would be enabled by your deep understanding of me, and the love we would share in the time that we have. And I know that yours would be too.

I have missed you beyond all reason.

Much love, truly felt, 
Happy New Year

-****    


WALKING OUR DOGS IN DORCHESTER - m4m



Hey man,
we have both been walking  our dogs at the same park in Dot the last two mornings in a row.You just recently got your dog.  Glad you did. They get a long great, and you are probably one of the most handsome men that I've met in a long time.
You probably wont even see this and probably aren't even into guys.
But IF you do, let me know what park we were at, your name/my name, and your dogs name.
Id love to get together for a beer/ dinner and check out some of the new restaurants in town that we were talking about.
Here's to hoping......    


JetBlue Flight Attendant - Hayley - m4w



You were my flight attendant both before and after the holidays. We were able to chat on the first flight but not the second. I'm hoping we can connect.

Let me know what the destination was so I know it is you.

Jeff    


bumble / NYE first Date - m4w



We planned a NYE date at Troquet, but never exchanged numbers. Then our conversation vanished from Bumble. Hoping this technical glitch doesn't ruin our plans! Posting here just in case :)
-Jason    


Ralph - m4m



You managed Caswell Masey a very long time ago. Always thought you had the sexiest eyes. You still around?    


Blue Hills walking the dog - m4m



Hi, followed you up to the tower, you were walking the dog. I thought maybe we could of played, but you left. Then you drove away so I followed you to another part of the hills, neither one of us made a move. I guess we were both scare. Im a MWM. Tell me what color your care was. I would like to try again    


Wheelers



In what world do you ever think that is okay.

There are many cultures and civilizations in which a two headed beast appears. In all those stories their heads get chopped off. In this day and age I'll let Hollywood do this figuratively. 

Perceval and Lady Gaga are now my spirit kin. Wayne lost all credibility ever since Ben Aflec almost ruined Batman and the other said he wouldn't support a cause because he no longer supports the people who put him there in the first place.

Charlie Brown always wanted that red headed mystery. A natural beauty that alloured him. I seek something similar but have yet to find him (or her- I'm open). Biologically speaking I am male and don't have a clock. In Chinese culture they consider clocks a sign of death, and an insult to give as a gift. 

Trying this positivity angle reveals peoples dichotomy. 

I eat apples but am far from the garden of eden. I remember the diner at the Garden Of Eatin' where a woman with five children told me that she didn't give her children names until they gravitated to their true nature. Sunny, Rain, Chandelier, and Calvin and Hobbs were twins. That was years ago. She gave me a message about what I saw in the sky. It wasn't about help or hurt, but rather inconvenience of sight. Maybe they all passed around the seeing eye. Funny thing I can't remember her name.

Haven't been impressed lately with the rise of what some want for the world. Letting those who grew up with Cold War mechanisms would lead us down a path that we shouldn't have had the opinion in the first place to consider.

Bernie was a socialist
Hillary was a centrist
Cruz was a conservative 
Trump was a oligarch 

KelliAnne is Goebels to this new shit show where a good woman lost her soul to the vampires, and consequently is now wearing iron curtain dresses.

It is a curious thing that people haven't caught on to this age old soothsayer shenanigan of snake oil and deleriym tonic water.

My New Years message is about holding on to truth, freedom, and happiness for all peoples.

What good is going with the grain if you intend to profit from the sandblasting.

The outlook may sound callous, but I am cautiously optimistic that there are still good people that would help this.

Much love and light and joy to everyone.

King H




BSC Fenway Sat 12/31 - m4m



Don't usually post here, but had such an incredible steam today and couldn't resist. 

I was in the steam alone around 1230, and you both quickly came in after me from the Sauna. Within seconds both of your cocks were out, and i was rock hard. We were going to town on each other, when a third came in and joined the fun. I've had my share of fun at bsc but holy shit was that hot, and so were all of you. Great bodies, and great cocks. 

Ive never seen any of you there before, and if you happen to see this, hit me up with when we generally go - would love to cross paths a bit more frequently and have a bit more fun next time...    


MGH Cox lower level waiting area Tues 1:00pm - m4w



Depending on a bit of serendipity here, but we missed out on following up our gazes at each other with some conversation due to MGH appointments being on time 12/13. Me - tall, glasses, longish hair, You - slim, elegant looks, brunette, gave your age as 1945 and initials may be A.F. .    


Absolution - m4w



NUTS! so nice 2 hear, better than st joseph... maybe later. BYE BYE! keep doing them...    


RE: sleight - m4w



Now go and eat your Bread in gladness.  They'll be there too... see me, feel me, touch me, heal me! Whoops! There goes another rubber tree plant. Ciao!    


Any blue collar alone on job site? - m4m



Let me know if u need a discreet, behind the door, safe way to unload.

Looking now or soon, recip ok but not req.

I could use a DL ddf regular  buddy

U must host  or be up for car head!





My Uber driver to Logan - w4m



Josh, you picked me up at Kronos in Chelmsford on Wednesday and took me to my JetBlue flight to Orlando. We talked about our ex's and the Patriots all the while you turned and checked out my legs!!! Yes I caught you!!    


Eoin - m4m



Hey Eoin, if you see this get intouch - emailed the other day and got a bounce back - yahoo acct.    


Ass Up - m4m



We connected a while ago - you late 30's, early 40's.  Drove a truck, met in a lot.  Loved having your ass played with.  You were insanely hot!  Love to do it again...I think we reconnected but the convo died out.  Love to get at that ass again!    


Watertown Target - m4m



Hey- we definitely both were trying to convey the same message but I had a friend with me and you seemed to be with family, making it hard for either of us to get away. Describe your jacket so I know it's you. Really hoping you see this...    


kittens, zanep - m4w



I know your name isn't spelled zanep, but I know that's how it sounds, I doubt you even still work at kittens, but if anyone knows her and can pass along the message or give me her contact info, that'd be cool. Thanks.    


You were my patient - m4m



You were an older man and I am a younger guy. I was your nurse last week. You asked for help getting washed up, and when I washed your penis, you became extremely hard. I maintained complete professionalism, but to be honest, I did linger there longer than necessary. It felt so rewarding to make a cock that big. In all honesty, I thought it was a fluke, because that area is very sensitive to stimulation. However, when I said goodbye to you for the night, you told me you would miss me. That was my first real inkling that you were attracted to me. Then you sealed the deal...after I walked completely out of the room, I heard you say, "I'll miss that ass of yours too!" Of course I couldn't turn around and walk back in. I was working. But I wanted to. You were a bigger guy with a shaved head. If you read this, PLEASE email me. I would absolutely LOVE to finish "washing you up". :)    


Tonight BSC Watertwon - m4m



You are tall and incredibly well-built Russian (?) guy.  You have the most amazing body and butt. ;)   I saw you tonight while you were working out and I said hello.  

I realize this a long shot but... 

Please do not contact me if you are not the man I'm seeking. That is unless you have his phone #. ;)    


Savers - m4w



I was browsing the music section and you were nearby with your daughter as she picked out a few movies. We definitely glanced over at each other a few times and I can't help but hate myself completely for not striking up a conversation. I think your absolutely beautiful and cannot get you out of my mind. If you see this at all I'm certain you'll remember me. I'd really love to meet you, whoever you are.    


Boring



The highlight of my day happened at 8:57AM and I've been waiting for more. 

I've been enjoying Amazon Prime. Imagine if there were a man in the high tower. Maybe Jared is working on the resistance instead of the subway.

Boring

Boring

Boring

ps it's a trap    


Blonde worker Paul Bakery in Natick MA - m4w
BSC south station sauna connection - m4m



Man I feel silly putting this up - i should've just asked for your name. We were in the sauna sitting right next to each other today around 3:30/3:45 at BSC South Station. You're really hot and I would love to connect,  even just platonically-I don't usually go to the south station bsc.  Hit me up if you somehow stumble upon this and tell me something about our short interaction    


Beautiful girl in the center of Plymouth - m4w



I know this is a longshot I don't know if you check this .  I stopped at the crosswalk and let you go across the road.  And on the way back I let you open your door and get into your car you are so beautiful and would love to take you out for a drink or a cup of coffee  if you are reading this what color truck was I driving    


Nashoba auto school - m4w



Your a GORGEOUS girl....named Victoria...taking drivers test sunday at 10am.. Our eyes connected and you smiled a few times...    


Nadia marshalls boylston st - m4w



Black pants, black sweater and black hair sitting near the vending machines in the break room..your very beautiful,,  I gave u my number i hope to start at least a friendship, need more donuts yet?    


The Bell's Silence is Pregnant with Promise - m4w



Starling, I miss you so much.

Thank you for the letter.  It was most unexpected and uncannily timely.  My faith was waning, but you've fanned the flames and for that, I cannot thank you enough. I will not falter again.

I can't imagine how hard this all must be for you.  I feel guilt for its being so much easier for me.
If I am supernaturally patient, it is nothing compared to your supernatural strength.  

This board is the closest thing I can think of to a dead drop.
I wish we had a better system than the one we've been using.

I wonder if you can feel me thinking about you. I often think I can feel you.
Thanks again for your 20 pages of confirmation that this isn't all in my head, but in yours too.

I love you.

Xxx    


Pru gym around noon - m4m



This may not be a 'missed connection,' but we got talking in the sauna.  You had your phone and were answering work email.  I told you I now work for myself.  Nothing happened besides us talking, but if you want meet outside of the gym, let me know.  Tell me where I was going for New Year's eve...    


Lord and Taylor - m4m



You were shopping for a New Years outfit with your parents today. Thought you were hot with a great smile, but not sure if you're gay or straight. Hit me up if this was you and describe what it was we talked about.    


Seeking directions - m4m



I was outside my house cleaning my car and you called me over to ask for directions. The road you were looking for is difficult to locate as it splits. I know this is a long shot but if you would like to continue the conversation what hoodie was I wearing and what was the name of the street?    


Seeking woman who bought shoes - m4w



Lots of women have bought shoes. This one is blonde, wore a red cap, and said she wanted them just for walking. 

If you recognize yourself and would like to take a walk together sometime, please tell me what shoes you bought and a detail or two on what I look like or said. 

Needle in a haystack here, but people win the lottery too!    


Eddie from yoga - m4m



We met at Skyclad yoga in November. Exchanged massages. It was hot. Would love to do it again. I'm from Quincy, dark hair, hairy chest and beard.    


GR - if you're ever looking. - w4m



i miss you and i still love you. i'm thinking of you, always. i hope you find happiness this new year. xx - C    


Banana & coffee - w4m



I hear you're a regular at this place...Nice boots you had on ;-)

You had on a brown hat.

Reply with the color of your vest so I know it's you.



Green Waste Management Truck - Milton St. Bridge - m4m



Saw you pass on the Milton St. Bridge Wednesday around 4:30. You're a hot guy with dark hair, beard & mustache driving a green waste management truck. If you ever need some great oral service, let me know.    


BSC morning same name - m4m



Just chatted this morning. I'm south shore and work near the gym. You're metro west. Introduced ourselves and we have the same first name. I see you there every morning. Let me know if you see this.    


Any blue collar need service? - m4m



Let me know if u need a discreet, behind the door, safe way to unload.

Looking now or soon, recip ok but not req.

I could use a DL ddf regular  buddy

U must host  or be up for car head!





Re: truth be told



If this is you
I miss you too
I wish I was lying next to you 
I would also prefer you in person 
Can you tell me these words outside of this site?

You captivate me



Is it fraud if...



Is it fraud if you never presented yourself honestly, in person, and or sent heroin call boys to do your bidding because you just like to watch?

Or 

Is it honesty to accuse someone of doing heroin, even if you have no proof because you're on heroin and you hate yourself for it?

Or

Is it honesty to stalk someone digitally or with latex or with wigs because you were to chicken shit to come visit someone in person?

Or

Is it you that have the unresolvable issues with yourself that you need to constantly end up with egg on your face?    


Truth be told



I miss you. 
I do. 
I wish I was lying next to you right now. 
Window open.
Awake
I'm here.
I would prefer you 
In person 
To this..... 

I recognize you did a bunch of showing up long beforehand  I was ready for you and now I guess it's been my turn to be slighted.

I am sorry. 
I was not being disingenuous 
Only trying to plant my feet. 
I have.
You captivate me when I surrender. 
I need more of that. 
I know you do too. 
And if you don't miss me 
Then leave me be
Please
I'm over my past
I'm not certain you are over yours. 
This hurts. 
More than I thought it would. 
Please take the lead again and I will respond. 







Entering/Leaving the L - m4m



We made eye contact and then both looked back. I had to catch the train otherwise I would've followed you out and introduced myself. Let me know which stop or something so I know it's you.    


Hey Hey Kathleen - m4w



Hey beautiful girl,

I want to tell you just how truly Loved you are.  You are ALWAYS, COMPLETELY unconditionally accepted by me.  I am here with open arms with the mission of Loving you perfectly for the rest of my life.  I want you to know I believe in you.  You are the most complete human being I have ever seen.  Even when you fall apart on me, I accept you unconditionally.  You will always be perfect in my eyes.  

God bless you Angel pants!
444

PS, 
Why am I your character?  Am I just a shadow you drew?

youtu.be/JLkcohb4cLw    


Clawson st you were walking Dog - m4m



You were walking your dog by Princeton we made eye contact 2weeks ago in morning giving this a shot    


Two  guys between checkers and country kitchen - w4mm



So as I rushed home at 2:30 between Checkers and where Country Kitchen is these two guys made a comment abouty stomach after being shot down by a skinny blonde. I wanted to hard to point out to the chubby asshole that I used to be 100 lbs heavier (199 now at only 5 ft 2) and at my lowest I was 178 before getting pregnant 5 times, 3 births and 2 healthy children later (one who was Born only a year ago) and that at least I have an excuse to have a butt in front. I walk every day regardless of weather and will lose more weight but you'll always be garbage inside and out.    


U just finished giving me a massage - m4m



I popped a woody when u were massaging my leg.

I wanna hang out w u if u see this and u wanto also lemme know    


Greg at Thornwood McDonald's Jan. 6



We were both waiting for our orders, you said Happy New Year, and we talked for a bit until your food arrived. I was the guy wearing jeans and a grey hoodie. You were so cool. I didn't think to ask you at the time, but wanted to know if you are on Facebook so I could friend you. If you read this, hit me up and tell me who we were talking about, so I know it's you. Or send a pic. Hope you see this.    


"like a ballerina" - m4w



Good Afternoon Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

............................................................................................................    


FOOT RUBS SWM 20 2 65 - m4m



Swm 50 would like to meet a gay white male who loves sexy soft feet. Like me ,,,lets meet weekly and enjoy a long slow soft foot rub ,/clean feet only .soft sexy. Its is so good ... GAY SINGLE ONLY .FEELS SO GOOD WHEN STROKED SLOW AND SOFT. Lets talk then maybe send photo ,,, i am all the above and italian. SEX AFTER FEET 4 play    


I like a great cut cock



looking for a swm only ,that would like to hang one on one as a freind with needs .clean with everything , drama free gay only .top bottom ...makes sex last . lets talk and we can see ????. long sessions please be shaved and cut shy ok.body rubs .COLLEGE SWM OK.NO DRUGS ,SMOKE .NICE LOAD A PLUS....IF NOT WEEKLY PLEASE DONT BOTHER .i live in ridgewood ,I am italian.    


Downtown N or R, just before noon - m4m



You were the cutie with a beard sitting in the seat by the door; I'm the bearded guy in the denim jacket who stood opposite from 49th to 34th.

We smiled shyly, but I wish I'd been a lot more bold.

Would love to see where this could have gone...    


Late Thursday on uptown B/C - you helped me study flashcards - m4w



To the young lady who helped me study medical genetics flashcards on the B/C train late Thursday night.

I missed my stop and your connection. =)    


Hey were you the smooth cute Asian dude checking me out? - m4m



Hey there have been checked out by more than a few cute Asian twinks
recently on the subway grocery store gym etc.....haha

Masculine handsome Mediterranean hung fit top into sensual body contact
making out rimming and cuddling

If you think you're the dude HMU:)    


Jonathan Morales - m4m



Jonathan Morales  :We linked up in Claremont Park  last night and I wanna get some more of your booty and lips.. Contact me via phone or text bae..   Waiting for you ....    


I changed my mind and am now ready to fight you - w4m



To the man in the button down shirt with shaggy brown hair and clear glasses at the Commodore on Thursday, January 5th, who beat on the door like a psychopath while I was trying to pee and then screamed at me after I came out of the bathroom for no good reason: I am ready to fight you.

I have gone over the events in my mind and despite my initial vow to walk away from you and forget about this, I have now come to the only logical conclusion: We must have an adult duel, as consenting parties, involving only our fists and our willpower, to determine the victor. A "fisticuffs", if you will.

Initially, I thought that your beating like a maniac on the bathroom door and yelling at me to "get the fuck out" was a joke - surely, not a real thing a person would do! But as the blows to the door continued it became increasingly clear that you were actually physically threatening me for taking about 6 minutes total to use the restroom. Wow! What a nutty concept! Wacky even!

As I exited the restroom, totally freaked out, you really taught me a valuable lesson by berating me and telling me that I was holding up the guys' bathroom line by using the gender-neutral restroom that I was in for like, a pretty reasonable amount of time. When you screamed "There's no excuse for taking that long in a bathroom, you fucking took forever and these guys gotta pee!" and I told you to "please stop yelling at me over nothing" I wasn't even sure what to say next. So I just told you the truth: "hey man, it's my birthday and I'd like you to stop ruining my night for no reason - you shouldn't be screaming at anyone over using the bathroom" So naturally, you screamed again, "nobody gives a shit about your birthday, bitch. NOBODY cares about you!" and that really drove the point home further! 

Ah, yes. I could finally see clearly the error of my ways. Where do I get off, using a restroom labeled "restroom" for more than 2 minutes!? I do suck. When I yelled back at you "you are a bad person and you must be completely insane for nearly banging down a door and screaming at a woman for using the restroom" you retorted with "Ugh, don't make this about gender!"

Shit, man! I thought to myself, "I made it about gender! My bad! Silly me."

I held my outstretched hand in your face and said "I won't punch you, but I really want to. You have no idea how terrible you are on a base level". You laughed heartily, completely dismissing the fear and anger I felt being confronted by a total stranger for no good reason.

I left the bar with my friends to get away from you, but given time to think things over, I do believe I would like to take you on the playground as the sun reaches its peak in the midday sky. 

 I think the best location for this duel would be Marcy Playground in Brooklyn. It's centrally located, and it shares a name with the band who gave us the hit single 'Sex and Candy' - sounds good right?

No weapons will be allowed, but I would like to reserve the right to make you eat a handful, possibly two handfuls, of mulch or dirt. You must also come with those glasses on so I can take orgasmic pleasure in snapping them in half against the concrete or the slide. Mmm, yes - I can picture it now.  The sweet, sweet snapping of those frames will provide me with elusive and perfect gratification unlike any other. But I digress.

So, if you'd like to fight me, the devil woman who used the bathroom for slightly too long on her birthday, please arrive at Marcy Playground, at high noon on April 20th, 2017. I will be waiting for you.

The first one to scream uncle loses and will forever be considered the Ultimate Fuckboy. 

I hope to see you there.    


The Girl with the Holes in the Stockings - m4w



I saw you coming down Sixth Avenue in Chelsea this afternoon. You are young. I am older. You were wearing a  short dress. I could see two small tears in your stockings. I wondered if you knew they were there. Our eyes met for a brief moment and held. I wish now that I had said something to you. I hope you see this ad and contact me.



Real-Life Matchstick Man - m4w



Hello, I'm looking for the daughter I was forced to give up for adoption 25 years ago. I know you live in the city. I wonder if we have crossed paths before. If you grew up without a father, I would love to hear from you.



Tried to chat on Onenightfriend site - m4w



We tried to chat on the site onenightfriend not a fan of the name but it is what it is. Put your user name in subject line mine starts with L..............  Hopefully we can chat    


Sunset Park - m4w
L Train Lorimer to Union Sq Friday 11AM - m4w



You: got on the L at Lorimer, dirty blonde hair, french-ish braided, came and sat in front of where I was standing.  

Me: standing, holding notebook + water bottle.  

We met eyes...

We both got off at 14th st, would love if we could both get off together again.  jk but would love to say hi.    


New to crossdress and m2m - m4m



im a asian 25yrs mid build very light skin, have a GF, just step into crossdressing and wanna try to have a sex with gay, im very clean DD free, looking for someone with a small dick must DD free and just have a nice try and keep the story between us.  man who have a family in a pulse maybe we can have regulate fun and dont distribute each other life    


Smiles in Sunset Park - m4w



I don't usually do things like this, but I'm sure that's what a lot of people say!  

We passed each other around 1pm today, on 36th street, between 4th and 5th.  Perhaps you were headed to the subway station.  We exchanged some nice smiles.  Perhaps I will see you again, but in case I don't, or if we are not feeling as smily that day, I am trying this out.    


2017 Going with the flow - m4w



About me....

Beaches,malls,museums,movies,lounges,clubs,pool,drinking,quiet walks in parks.

Outgoing, spontaneous, independent, adventerous, business owner, 5'7, 165 lbs, good listener, good friend

Studio engineer and fashion designer , I own 5 businesses.

Race.....french,Indian, England.



Going with the flow for 2017 - m4w



About me....

Beaches,malls,museums,movies,lounges,clubs,pool,drinking,quiet walks in parks.

Outgoing, spontaneous, independent, adventerous, business owner, 5'7, 165 lbs, good listener, good friend

Studio engineer and fashion designer , I own 5 businesses.

Race.....french,Indian, England.



2017 Going with the flow - m4w



About me....

Beaches,malls,museums,movies,lounges,clubs,pool,drinking,quiet walks in parks.

Outgoing, spontaneous, independent, adventerous, business owner, 5'7, 165 lbs, good listener, good friend

Studio engineer and fashion designer , I own 5 businesses.

Race.....french,Indian, England.



Hot bald guy at French Roast UWS today - m4m



You came into the French Roast on Broadway at 85 between ten and ten thirty this morning and sat a couple of seats to my right.  I found you to be extremely attractive with naughty thoughts dancing through my head and wished that I had time to stay and say, hi.  If by chance you see this I would like to connect.    


Julie - Dr Dog a few years back - m4w



I still owe you a beer. We lost touch but you've stuck in my head and would love to reconnect.

Let's go dance!    


G train Fulton st eye contact - m4m



You got off at the Fulton stop on the G train around 12:15pm Friday morning. Made great eye contact. You were really feeling whatever you were listing to and it was cute. You had a really short haircut, glasses, tall white guy. 

I was sitting on the other side of the same train, also feeling what I was listening to. Also a tall white guy with glasses and a short haircut.

You got off the train before me and we locked eyes for a bit a exchanged flirty smirks. Should have ran off the train and given you my number.

Have never made a craigslist post but hey maybe you'll see this.    


Sam looking for Samantha - m4w



Wednesday night, amazing moments leading to a climax...
Will you find me here ???    


Last week - mw4m



You posted last week offering to be a sperm donor. I responded to your ad, but it was flagged. You said you had rules.  The only one that you listed was that you prefer continued sex after conception as compensation. We are a couple seeking a sperm donor to donate. I'm not able to get her pregnant, so I'm looking for another guy that will do it for me. You said you have good genes, so please tell us about you. Not too concerned about age or weight. We will agree to anything to have a child. So please tell us your rules, and please help us have a baby. You will be compensated in any way you prefer.. we can either pay you or she can do what you want after conception as your compensation.    


To the black lady on the train - m4w



I am so so so sorry for staring at you so much
I kept saying to myself stop looking , you will creep her out
I could not help it you are absolutely drop dead gorgeous
You kept looking back at me the whole time too
I think you were amused . You had me spell bound.

You very dark skinned, full lips, I think you had on hair extensions
( I am no expert :)... black tights, black skirt, knee high boots
you had a jacket on, but I could tell you were very curvy

Me, White guy 47, 6,1 suite and tie, coming from my city job
I sat across from you, well I was up the train a bit...

Listen, if you are reading this. I want to take you to dinner
and propose marriage :) LOL. At least give me one date
so I can sell you on me :) I think you though I was handsome ish
you did look back quite a bit :)



Friday flatiron spin - m4m



you did a 730 am class and then stripped down to your flowered trunks. I came in and think you heard me say damn. can't stop thinking about that bulge. Let me know if you ever need it played with.    


SEEKING EMPLOYEES OF . . . (in Brooklyn)



Can you give me a hand here ...?

I'm looking for former employees of the Thom McAn shoe store (also - Miles Shoes & Chess King) that opened with the new Kings Plaza Shopping Center in Brooklyn, back in 1971 ish.
I worked for Melville, and I thought it would be a gas if I could touch base with anyone who worked there also.
Thanks for your help ...    


Breakfast at Gotan - m4w



It was a little after 8am. You were across the room, maybe catching up with a friend. I was in a booth by the windows. We caught each other's eyes a few times. I didn't get up from a team meeting to say hello. Next time I will.    


FedEx high ridge rd - m4m



VERY handsome silver fox
Made eye contact and smile
Might be a long shot
What color was your coat    


Girl from bar at Rubix Kube show at the Capitol Theater - m4w



You gave me your phone number.  I was drunk.  I lost it.  Please email me. Tell me who you were with and what you do for a living so I know it's you.    


The Bleecker Umbrella - m4w



Walking west on 1/2, Bleecker from around Seventh to Hudson, some kind of pace, you with the umbrella and me on my way.    


Watching me Cum ????
HARDCORE SEX............trans.vestite
Short connection - m4w



We were on metro north, I am tall slim athletic male (some say I'm handsome) coming back from from a training session and you were there, standing elegantly, with you beautiful hair, fitted work clothes, lipstick, just looking completely ravishing.

I wanted to jump over the 20 people between us and kiss you right there but there wasn't enough time. Your stop was there and You had to go. I've been searching for you. 




Boys get some of this. ...........
Nostrand ave street crossing this morning - m4w



To the beautiful older lady who i see from time to time which i hope she know i have a big crush on her i just want you to know if you see this i want to talk to you get to know you idk if your Guyanese or indi or hindu but i think your beautiful and sexy i love the fact your older than me and i love your thick body i know you have a husband but i would love to be your younger guy

This morning we saw each other we was on nostrand and park place you was crossing the street going to work walking to the 3 train and we locked eyes you licked your lips i licked my lips twice at you we got close to each other and i smiled at you i wanted to give you my number but i didnt want to stop to and make you late but if you eva see this just know i really like you and if i see you again im going to get tour number or give you mines im just writing this just in case i dont see you and by some chance you see this cus we really did have a connection that we missed today    


Missed connection in the video store buddy booth - m4w



Hi.
I was in the buddy booth jerking off last night around 1am.
You came in the booth next to me.....
I put my cock in the slot,...Boy did you suck me off so good,...
I came down your throat,....it was HOT.
As soon as i was finished,...i zipped up,....exited the booth i wanted
to meet the lady who sucked me.....she ran out of the booth so fast ( i dunno why)
i ran out asked the cashier if he saw a woman and he said NO. i said cmon she just left
IF your that woman send me a message,...I wanna meet outside the Booth.
I know it was a woman,...bc i asked if your a woman and she said "yes" in a alittle angry tone she said a piece of cat hair was in her throat.
hope fully its you.

Jeff.    


Alone here. Cum ????



Actually is Utica ave & Linden Boulevard, Brooklyn. 
U are not close enough ? Don't Bother calling me !!!!!!!!!!
Five one six
Six zero 3 two seven zero five hosting now Mi lugar
No textos
No Texts !!!!!!!    


Cam Partner? - m4w



So I'm curious. Are there any hot women out there that know about camming that would want to possibly team up and try to make some money?

I'm not sure exactly how it works, but I've definitely seen that there are "couples cam shows" and I think I would be really good them.

I'm in great shape, I have been told I have a giant cock. It's very thick and apparently nice looking...you can be the judge and tell me if I'm right or wrong.

Obviously never cammed myself, but I think it would be a fun experiment/way to spend the summer.

This is just an idea in the baby-stages, but if you're at all interested, or if you know anything about it, reach out to me and we can chat and see what's up?



Alone here. Cum ????



Actually is Utica ave & Linden Boulevard, Brooklyn. 
U are not close enough ? Don't Bother calling me !!!!!!!!!!
Five one six
Six zero 3 two seven zero five hosting now Mi lugar
No textos
No Texts !!!!!!!    


MUSLIM UNCUT DICK FOR ME.



Actually is Utica ave & Linden Boulevard, Brooklyn. 
U are not close enough ? Don't Bother calling me !!!!!!!!!!
Five one six
Six zero 3 two seven zero five hosting now Mi lugar
No textos
No Texts !!!!!!!    


Habibi.habib.yemen.boys.morocco.punjab.



Actually is Utica ave & Linden Boulevard, Brooklyn. 
U are not close enough ? Don't Bother calling me !!!!!!!!!!
Five one six
Six zero 3 two seven zero five hosting now Mi lugar
No textos
No Texts !!!!!!!    


Downtown 1 train before 8am - w4m



You were leaning against the doors. I got on at 110. 

You were wearing a black jacket and you had on dark pants and brown shoes. You carried a brown canvas satchel. 

I looked at you a couple of times. Tried hard to get your attention...then I had to transfer at 96 Street.    


The Girl with the Holes in the Stockings - m4w



I saw you coming down Sixth Avenue in Chelsea this afternoon. You are young. I am older. You were wearing a  short dress. I could see two small tears in your stockings. I wondered if you knew they were there. Our eyes met for a brief moment and held. I wish now that I had said something to you. I hope you see this ad and contact me.



we locked eyes on the #1 train yesterday - m4m



I got on at 34th St.
You were standing.
You're a white guy, good looking, with black messy hair and a day's growth of beard.
We stared at each other...
You got off at 96th St.  I should have followed...
Wanna meet?  I'd love to feed you my cock.



You saved me! - w4m



Two guys clearly had the wrong idea about me and you stepped in like you knew me my whole life and got me out of there fast.  You asked if I was OK, and then you left.  I wanted to thank you  again.  Buy you coffee... whatever.    


Barnes and Noble - m4w



I saw you on the second floor.  And after getting the courage up I told you you were beautiful. And I mean it. Everything anout you was so amazing. Tell me what I was wearing and what book you were getting    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious


............................................................................................................    


Were you the cute Asian dude checking me out? - m4m



Hey there have been checked out by more than a few cute Asian twinks
recently on the subway grocery store gym etc.....haha

Masculine handsome Mediterranean hung fit top into sensual body contact
making out rimming and cuddling

If you think you're the dude HMU:)    


i saw you at rays pizza - m4w



You were sitting in the front corner facing 138th and St Anns. Your baby was in the stroller sleeping. You were wearing a north face jacket and flowered pants. Blonde hair and either waiting for someone or needing help. Me brown hat mustache black jacket .  CONTACT ME 

I saw you this morning    


Esther......
Food Bazar cashier in the Hijab - m4w



To the cashier in the Hijab who always smiles at me, I think you are very cute. I am too shy to ever tell you and know you will probably never see this.. But in the off chance you do I hope you say hi.    


Lafayette deli - m4m



Your the tall young Dominican dude the with the Baird n low cut. Im blk and Spanish clean cut very discreet dude here. I see u look at me and me look at you i just want to no if your interested if so hit me back with pic n stats. I would like to chill with you get a drink and see where this goes so hit me back n pls pls be very dl n discreet    


Looking For Long Lost Step Cousin - m4m



Greetings: I am looking for my long lost step cousin named Doug Potter. who is the son of Vic & Sadie Potter. They all used to live in Beaverton, Oregon which is a suburb of Portland, Oregon. I have a family heirloom I would like to pass on to him. If you are or know of Doug's location, please advise him of this post and ask him to contact me through craigslist. Only sincere responses please.

Best regards, James Gruen.    


sexy nerdy Asian woman at D&D - m4w



You were a person behind me on line yesterday morning. I apologize that I kept staring and I'm sure you noticed, but I found you to be completely sexy with your round rimmed glasses. And the fact that you were sporting that rock makes you hotter to me. Care for some discreet, NSA, adult fun? Respond with what color sneakers you were wearing and tote bag you had. Just make sure to put "That was me" in the subject line and let's see.  :)    


Dunkin Donut baskin robin angel - m4w



You served me coffee.  I am enamored.  I couldnt get you off my mind.  
Dark hair, dark eyes.  Shy cute smile.  
Dunkin donuts counter and baskin robins
If by chance......    


1 train, Wednesday afternoon - w4m



I noticed that we couldn't stop glancing at each other as I stood across from you. I would have said hello, but I wasn't sure if the woman next to you was just a friend or something more.
Thankfully, I heard her say your name before you exited the 157th st. stop.
IF you actually see this, which is a long shot, email me your name so I know it's you. 
:)    


For you - m4w



Good Night Precious,

M,

You overwhelm me......still....even in the middle of the night.

I love you.

R.

....................................................................................................................................................................    


parTy, ParTyinG, PnP, Vers looking to boTTom and suck



parTy, ParTyinG, PnP, Vers looking to boTTom and suck
I hosT on 52/10
conTribute or bring your own favors of choice
very hungry for some cock ;)

Latino, toned to muscular body
HIV / STD free

Reply with face pic, body pic and cock pic.
IF you are not comfortable sending a face pic thats fine but I have the right to decline and reject you if we meet. Attraction comes in all forms but attraction is something you cant choice.

hung - step in front of the line
sTraigt - step in front of the line
bi - step in front of the line
DL - step in front of the line
Generous - step in front of the line
Masculine - step in front of the line

Looking for now in Midtown West / Hells Kitchen    


I know what you did - m4w



I know.  I am sorry to tell you, you didn't get away clean.  I am the only one who knows, but imagine what it would be like if I revealed this?  You would be humiliated, maybe worse.  It would be devastating for you.

So what can we do?  I don't just want to be mean to you.  I'm not that type of person. But there may be a little price you have to pay to convince me you are sorry.  To make the one person who could ruin this for you keep quiet.  So what do you say? Are you willing to pay your penance?  I'm a reasonable person.    


Tonight 8:30  NYSC 62nd - m4m



Hi, I entered the sauna tonight and you offered me a spot next to you.  At first I said "No thanks."  but then changed my mind and sat on the lower bench. But you said "It's hotter up here."  So I moved up.  I didn't get to tell you "Thanks!" ---  Just wanted to say that was really sweet of you and that you made my day!  Hope you have an amazing 2017!!!    


night thinking - w4m



day dreaming
moon shining

the sun will never set on our love. 
keep the faith.

***********



L Train Comic book boy - m4m



We sat across from each other on the L train and made eye contact while reading comics.  You were cute and had a red and white hat on.  You got of at bedford and we smiled at eachother haha.    


To: The one that got away... - w4m



Is the soulmate myth true? When you dream of one person, this person is also dreaming of you...This person is your soulmate.
 You: P.Rican,6'2,Gemini  initials J.G.
Me: P.Rican/Dom, 5'2, Aries, initials M.G.
We met in '92 by accident. You were on a blind date, I was at the wrong place, at the right time...Our 1st date was at your friends wedding on a Monday, u spilled a cappucino all over me. And you went inside the ladies restroom to help clean me up! We remained fwb and It lasted 5years until I wanted more & you broke my heart. We had both moved on with other people but somehow we always kept running into each other so I took advantage and relied on that until, the last time we saw each other. Deep down, I always felt that you knew you are my soulmate and that you'd always be around & find me. Now I'm looking for you! Its been over a decade and I miss you. Where tf are you? Had I known the last time i saw you was my last, I would've told you exactly how i feel and at the very least you would know. So I have to put it here for you to see and know that I always have and still love you. It always have been you! I pray for you everyday that you are alive and well. And a tiny part of me hopes you do the same for me... I understood then as I understand now that we aren't meant to be in this lifetime, you're probably happily married with kids now (as am I) and I wouldn't dare try to disrespect or change this reality. I do want you to know that i know you think of me and miss me too. And for this, I am eternally grateful I had known you and I will always cherish you! Until then, meet me in my dreams. And if you should ever find me, don't waste the opportunity to tell me how you feel. 
M.



Real-Life Matchstick Man - m4w



Hello, I'm looking for the daughter I was forced to give up for adoption 25 years ago. I know you live in the city. I wonder if we have crossed paths before. If you grew up without a father, I would love to hear from you.



The Girl with the Holes in the Stockings - m4w



I saw you coming down Sixth Avenue in Chelsea this afternoon. You are young. I am older. You were wearing a  short dress. I could see two small tears in your stockings. I wondered if you knew they were there. Our eyes met for a brief moment and held. I wish now that I had said something to you. I hope you see this ad and contact me.



WAR AND PEACE - m4w



I think you were reading war and peace, just now off the L train. I was going to ask you about it. Email me if you're interested. Where did you get off?    


massage, now or early morning



Let's chat and see... 
Tall 6'1", White, 44yo, clean looks, gen
Not into back and forth emails!    


Brooklyn bound W train handsome bearded guy - m4m



We both got in at 49th street on brooklyn bound W, we were sitting accross each other. You were bearded blond handsome guy looking at your phone most of the times but we locked eyes several times. The car was empty but too shy to talk to you. I got off at Canal street. Would love to meet tell me anything about my physical appearance if you read this.    


Stumptown love - m4w



You came into Stumptown in Greenwich Village, I was working, you were the customer. You laughed at my joke, we flirted, I wanna see you again!    


Therapist's Waiting Room - m4w



I walked out of the therapist's office, saw you, and turned away from you, down the long hall, to the open bathroom. I emerged and saw you again way down there in the lower waiting area.  I approached and passed, slipping into the short hallway before the door. It took a moment to get out because I had to turn the lock and handle at the same time.

You sat against the wall to my exiting-left. You sat up straight, and looked over towards me. 

I don't normally go to that therapy session at that office in a fancy old building near the park, so I won't see you again unless I am compelled to put this bottle into the current and you are compelled to go look where the notes wash up. 

I am a little below average height, of medium build, with soft mousy hair and square glasses. You straightened up and looked over at me, your hands still resting on your thighs. 

Anyway,




To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Evening Precious,

M,

I miss you.

R.

............................................................................................................    


Looking for Martha Smith - m4w



Hi looking for a lost friend. We met in 2001 but didn't stay in touch. She was born in the Canary Islands and had the most beautiful big blue eyes. She is between 45-55.Slim and attractive. My name is Rob    


Equinox - yoga class - m4m



You asked me about yoga class, and I bumped in to you outside the gym. I think I've helped relax you before and would love to do it more regularly for you.    


nymc - m4w



I dont know how to say this.but i miss you.things were going so nice.talking to you seeing you.i love seeing you at work when your there.and i know your someone elses but i cant help but wonder do you think about me as much as i think about you?    


NYSC 36 + Madison - m4m



Guy w glasses in locker room around 8 tonight. You're handsome. Hope you see this--get in touch!    


Trader Joe's cashier W 72nd St. - dark haired 'vegan' - m4w



Thurs. approx. 7:15pm. We chatted a little as you rang up my items. You said the chicken soup dumplings looked good and that you were waiting for them to make veggie ones because you haven't eaten meat for 3 years.

I found you striking. If the interest is mutual, let's grab a vegan meal!

Write back with some sort of description of me.    


Gotan - on 46th between 5th and 6th - m4w



Saw you gain today around 1030am, we seem to have the same coffee schedule.

You are a lovely asian female with a long coat and very nice legs. I have seen you several times walking by me on 46th street. I like your smile and I like your style.

Today we happened to be at Gotan at the same time. I could not stop looking at you. I am not sure if you noticed me. If you see this I would love to have a drink with you or have dinner and get to know you more.    


We shared a Via ride home - m4w



I had to get out of the Yukon to let you out, we smiled and that was it. If you're out there, you were cute and I'd like to buy you a drink.    


To the beautiful blonde in the thigh-high skirt - m4w



You were walking north on the west side of 5th around 10:30 this morning, wearing a grey skirt that left your legs exposed over your boots, even though it was about 25 degrees and windy.  My oh my.  Our eyes met for about half a second, not that you'll remember.  But I wanted to thank you for bringing a taste of summer back to winter.

That's all I got.    


Talk to me... - m4w



I want to hear about you.  Your dreams, your fetishes, your nightmares, the secret crush you have on your neighbor or the guy at the dog run, your faked orgasms, who and what you see when you close your eyes... whatever it is that brought you to Craigslist missed connections...

Who am I?  A good listener.  A great fuck.  If you want to know more you can ask...  and if not, I'll still listen.    


Saw you with your friend outside w52nd - m4w



Hi
I saw you outside with your friend around 12:45 pm. I smiled and walked by you were talking to your friend. You had on a long coat. Would love to connect!    


Lost - m4w



There are 2 lost souls searching on Craigslist for someone. They jump around from the personals hoping that someone with an ad catered to them has spoken. They check the missed connections daily despite knowing more time is spent at home rather than out where people could see them and miss them. They know that they're better than the masses yet still nobody drops into their palm. They're genuine and wise and know the power bestowed in being that others don't see. They read and write and there isn't much that any person could tell them that they didn't already know.

They read this far knowing that I'm not offering more than the truth yet are still here because I'm writing this for them. They know that it's theirs to read. Most people in their real life may not know that they browse hour after hour and day after day with nothing but fruitless searches reading this kind of shit because they're so utterly alone and angry. The world ran out of things to offer them when they finally realized that they don't fit with the rest of the puzzle. A piece fitting with yours is here, though.    


Gorgeous Asian Boy I Stared at on Bklyn Bound 2 train - m4m



You saw me staring at you. You're stunning. I am the older guy who got off at Clark Street. Can I please just take you out to dinner? No strings.    


Goldens bridge wine shop - m4m



Any one know anything about the guy that runs/ owns the wine shop in goldens bridge? 
He's always showing a great plumbers crack and has a great bulge!
Thanks    


I tapped you on the shoulder in Key Food



I think you came into the store right after I did. You almost ran into me coming out of an aisle; we smiled and apologized. Not too long after that, we wound up in the same aisle again. (I was looking at packaged nuts. Walnuts!) A girl was trying to move her cart behind you but you couldn't hear because you had earbuds in, so I tapped you on the arm to let you know she needed through. You had an interesting beer in your cart. Tell me what kind it was, and what you were wearing!    


USPS - m4w



Disappointing my soul again. As a release and let go.
Disappointing my heart again, as i think of what could be
Of you and Me. 
Running my hands through my very own long locks, today i finally did what i said, 
Cut them all off. 
"Don't Forget" You said.We were more but now only,
"Just Friends". 
"And, I promise you will find love again"
Craigslist, then.    


Blonde latina uptown 4 train - m4w



I was wearing all black with a grey hat and you were a beautiful blonde Latina with cute glossy lips and I think you were in a green parka I wish the train wasn't so packed and the lady with the stroller wasn't in my way but I wanted to talk to you sooo bad the moment we locked eyes I felt like I already knew you and I just felt like i was in the right place at the right time ...although you were super beautiful I thought you might be a little younger which is no bueno but if you are at least 17+ hopefully you're of age anyway I've said to much but if this is you please reply I'd really like to get to know you :) anyway I hope your day is going well;) and I got off on 170th    


CHALET APARTMENTS- ROSLYN--GAY MEN - m4m



ANY OTHER GAY (OR BI) MEN RESIDING HERE AT THE CHALET APARTMENTS IN ROSLYN.   LOOKING FOR FRIENDSHIP AND CASUAL ENCOUNTERS.    


North 11th Shoe Repair you said hi as you were leaving - m4m



Was at the back of the line, by the door. You picked up your shoes and said hi...wearing brown suede boots and super cute. ;) would love to grab a drink or somethin'    


Eye Contact in 51st - m4m



We locked eyes as you were going into a salad place on 51st. We both looked back but I had to run. Let me know if you want to get together sometime...    


Two men in a bagel shop - m4m



It was crowded, you didn't know where to stand. We exchanged a few words, my order came up and before I left you told me something I really needed to know.  How about a coffee?    


Park Slope Food Coop drone metal - w4m



We worked the same shift earlier this week and talked about my t-shirt! You stood by the ice cream case.   If you see this, we should go for a walk or have a drink :) Email me with your name.    


Club Labyrinth - m4w



Chatted for a moment at mid-week bash several weeks back. You:  Late 40's, medium length hair (5-4, about 130), busty and in killer heels.  Me:  5-10, 175, nice light brown hair and armani shirt.  Let's you and I connect and make some fun happen.




Dining on Saturday Night - m4w



We were both out to diner with our spouses on Saturday night.  We were with another couple and you and your husband were dining alone.  But we were stealing glances all night.  Clearly we were undressing one another with our eyes but could do nothing further.  Contact me and lets see if this plays out as steamy as the looks would indicate.  Put "Saturday Night" in title when you reply. 



Attractive Blonde on 6 Train - m4w



Attractive woman with kinky blonde hair and wearing black dress that boarded the 6 train on Lex line at 14th Street/Union Square with me.  After we exchanged smiles I got off at Astor Place while you stayed on the train.  Message me (the classy man in the grey suit).    


Sunday Brunch - m4w



We were each with our families at nearby tables for brunch.  Exchanged glances several times.  Let's explore something discreet.  Tell me the name of the restaurant in your message.    


My neighbor - m4w



It guess this is not a missed connection. But, we can never touch....never play. Ever since I spoke to you last week on your back patio, I can not stop thinking about your short red hair and perfect ass, especially in those tight pants. Don't think I should give more away....you made an impression.    


Keywords are: pussy worship, facesitting, orgasm - m4w



Daniel took the hint and pressed his nose firmly against her underwear, drawing it together and into the crease of her bottom with a satisfying slide. His nose pushed the bunched up material against her anus, while with his tongue he began to draw long slow lines across the underwear covering her vagina. He recognised the unmistakable taste of her arousal, and could smell the musky scent of her anus puckering against the pressure that his nose applied. He was in heaven.

Julia wasn't far off either. The sight of this young man with his face buried in the folds of her arse and loving every moment of it made her feel sexier than she had in years. That this guy - a relative stranger - was so eager to stick his nose and tongue into her most private of parts with such lust, gave Julia a perverse sense of control. As she started to gyrate against his face, she wondered just how far she could make him go....    


I so miss you - w4m



I miss you so much.  It's weird cause I never really knew you or anything that well.  But I think about you a lot.  I think about you more than I should.  Hope you're doing well...Actually I hope you're thinking about me too!    


voluptuous black women on the train last night - m4w



OMG I feel so dumb doing this. I am a grown ass man .
Last night heading back from time square, you were on my train.
I think you were a little drunk, but you probably can't remember
cause you kept closing your eyes a little. I think I saw you look at me mind you.
lol

You very attractive black day, leather skirt, high heels, 
very large bottom ( if you don't mind me saying ) me
tall white guy, 47, 6,1 european, blue eyes. I really really really would like to get to know you.  This is not you in the photo, but its a general idea
of your shape.... If you are reading please get in touch.






Red Eye from San Diego to JFK - m4m



We met on the red eye from San Diego to JFK this morning. You were sitting in the window seat and I was in the aisle. I asked if you wanted to switch but you said no. You were watching Friday Night Lights during the flight.... that's my favorite show :)    


Starbucks - m4m



I ran this ad a few months back and have received some replies, but am still hoping the guy I saw will see this.

I have seen you several times at the Starbucks on 29th and Park Avenue South.  You are a good looking muscular Asian guy.  You typically are by yourself and working on a laptop.  

Me: 6'2" 190lbs hung professional  mwm with little experience.  Looking to explore.  

I would be interested in talking to you and seeing where things may lead us.  Let me know if you are interested.    


is  vinay duggal still living in nyc? - m4w



Hi- I'm trying to find an old friend-Vinay Duggal. Can anyone help me out? Last know address was in NYC. Many thanks!    


Want To Wrestle A Girl? I am into Pure Fantasy - w4mm



Would you like to wrestle with girls? We are all about wrestling and we can make your fantasies come alive.  

Tussle-N-Rumble is a dedicated female wrestling club. We welcome hardcore wrestlers, experimental wrestlers, and fantasy wrestlers to come join us in a session. Our wrestlers are athletic, energetic, personable, and very feminine. Our goal is to give you a wrestling session that you will never forget or regret.  

When you e-mail us we will e-mail your our website. Read our website before calling/texting us. Our website will give you a deeper sense of who we are and what we do. 


We hope to wrestle with you soon!! 



Lyft ride , beautiful driver - m4m



Today in the afternoon I order a lyft and when I saw you I thought you were really hot. You are a hot latino guy. Sadly I was with a family member and I kept looking at you and we made eye contact twice. I wish if I was alone maybe something could happen. I hope you see this maybe we can go for coffee?
I was wearing a dark blue coat with a dark blue beanie. Your name starts with an M.    


Submissive TS Girl Looking to be Bad - t4m



Good Girl Ready to be BAD! CALL ME. Your very own sweet good girl that you can make very bad.Subbmissive & wants to please. A good girl that does what she is told! Discreet, no rush or fuss. Very playful, skilled, & gifted..A magicial experience! You'll wanna feel it; I promise to leave you satisfied! I do what I'm told like a good girl is suppose to. Up for mild to wild fun. Don't miss out.. CALL me now. P2P and generous connections only 
MADISON    


Sweet and Spicy Ts Redbone



Discreet, no rush or fuss.Enjoy traveling out only and  overnight stays are my favorite! Very playful, skilled,& gifted. A magicial experience you'll never forget! Open to it all... Mild to wild. Don't miss out. Reply with a pic(s) now and let's get the party going. No back and forth. Keep it short and sweet and to the point. *Pics required for response.* Looking forward to hearing from you. Xoxo p2p generations    


Madison in Manhattan..best of both worlds - t4m



A little bit of this and even a little bit of that. Best of both worlds. Dont be shy...say hello. Discrete no rush or fuss fun. All are welcomed. No back n forth. Serious encounters only. Absolutely  No F.R.E.E.B.I.E.S. 
Satisfaction guaranteed. Up for mild to wild fun. Don't miss out...xoxo    


Locked eyes outside HSBC - m4m



Looked like you had just grabbed lunch.  We locked eyes and you looked back and smiled.  Let me know if you're interested in connecting.    


Drumgoole Rd beautiful woman - m4w



You either live on Drumgoole or always on Drumgoole Rd. I would love to get to know you more. As beautiful as you are, if you are taken I can be discreet. Believe me when you see a picture of me you won't be disappointed. Email me and we'll go from there ...    


Equinox Flatiron - m4m



Had a connection but there was too many people. I was the Asian. Was in around 1pm. Wish I got your name.    


I see you every day - m4w



If you would only knew how I feel,, I  think you feel the same way. I want to hug you again and never let you go,,,,,,,,    


We spoke for a minute on the bus ( frum ) - m4w



It was very weird; neither of us were dressed like people who randomly would talk to members of the opposite gender on a bus, and to be honest, I haven't done so before. If you're reading this, I'm assuming you're similar to me; frum, but unable to maintain the standards of tznius that we're supposed to. Just to know it's you, which bus was it, and what strange thing prompted you to talk to me?    


girl from chinatown fair - m4w



Looking for the girl that destroyed me at guitar hero yeterday on wednesday. I want a rematch    


Century 21----------Brooklyn-Frum Jewish Lady - m4w



I was going down the escalator you where going up,,, we looked at each other so many times and
smiled,,,u made my day... I wished you would come and ask for the number,,, I think you wont ever see this but I still hope :).

U mused be from Borough Park,,,You picked up a beautiful dress,,,,,if you see that and 
you are ready to go again,,,it would be my treat to get you what you like next time,,,,,,
Hope so you see this,,,,,,    


Massages, Hot Oil Baths for Girls - m4w



Massages, Hot Oil Baths for Girls
Full-Body Massages, Bikini, Hot Oil Baths, 
Scented Candles, Music and lots more
Professional, Private, Very Discreet    


Massages, Hot Oil Baths for Girls - m4w



Massages, Hot Oil Baths for Girls
Massages, Bikini, Oil Baths, 
Scented Candles, Music and lots more
Professional, Private, Very Discreet    


A brief bond over film and nerdiness, 15+ years ago - m4w



Forgive me, my memory of all this is hazy. To be honest, I don't think I even correctly remember your name.

I went to Norwalk High School from 1998 though 2002. In what was either my sophomore or junior year, I took chemistry and wound up seated alongside you. We somehow got around to talking about our mutual love of movies. I would gush about all kinds of trashy genre flicks I loved, which at one point led you to pick up a DVD copy of Army of Darkness to see what all my hype was about.

All this eventually snowballed into discussion of making a short film together. You had a story about a modern-day depiction of Hamlet from Ophelia's point of view; I volunteered my camcorder to shoot it. We held auditions in a classroom after school one day, but only attracted maybe two candidates. The project ultimately never happened, which I've always lamented.

Then, very abruptly, you moved away. In my memory, it seemed as if we hadn't even known each other for more than a month or two, but you just announced one day that you were leaving. I don't know that we even exchanged emails or AIM info. Just poof and gone.

It wasn't until you were long gone that it even occurred to me: you might have actually liked me. (Or maybe you didn't; it's not that important now.) I was a weird, dumb teenager with desperately low self-esteem, so it was bewildering that you'd speak to me at all. But I feel like I went along completely oblivious to what we were to one another, and I never got the chance to find out for sure.

Occasionally I remember that brief bond as what now feels like a pure friendship. We talked, hung out, and had our seemingly obscure interests and aspirations validated by one another. I never felt judged or used, which I couldn't say for other people in my life at the time. When I told anyone else that I wanted to write and make movies, the concept was often treated as alien or outrageous -- that just wasn't what you did when you come from a shabby little town. But for a moment, you and I believed in each other.

To be clear, this isn't a desperate bid for a booty call or anything. Frankly, it would be idiotic of me to pine for someone whose looks I hardly recall, let alone her first name. (Was it Rebecca? Ugh, help me out here.) I'm just honestly curious as to what became of you. Where the hell did you go? Did you ever get to make that Ophelia film?

Despite what all the prosaic wisdom/slogans told us, things after high school didn't get much better for me. Eventually I found my footing, more or less. My filmmaking aspirations have been deferred a bit, but I'm still trying. I'd like to think that you at least found some success in wherever your passions lie. I certainly hope so.

In the extreme unlikelihood you find this, or if you the reader are someone from my graduating class who could miraculously recall this person, I hope you'll drop me a line. At the very least, I'd like to be able to plaster in the gaps of my memories around those days.    


Post  office today at around 11 am - w4m



I was putting a box together to send a sweater ,you asked to help me but i said i get it i really wanted to say i wanna thank you,but you where with you gf and im married naughty though ,can i have some of what she is having  .. cuase shit you look good but your girl was there wonder if you would wanna have fun ? Tell me what color was the  sweater.. ..    


Mikaela ? - m4t



Please get in touch with me. It's been a long time. Maybe you need a change. If you're looking here, I know you do. Want  to see you again.   Billy    


F train finishing your book - Jay St. stop - m4w



Hi,

This was the 2nd time I met you on the train.  You were reading a hefty little paper back book.  I am a tall white man blonde hair blue eyes and you are a beautiful woman of possible asian ancestry.  You have the voice of an angel.  I hope you find this.  I said something to you along the lines of the first time I met you, you had started the book.  Today it looked like you were almost finished with it.  I hope to hear or bump into you again.  You make my heart smile.    


Middle age adult, elegant, nice and descreet - m4w



Hi, am seeking to hang out and spend enjoyable descreet time with a nice intelligent women or lady in the age of 25 to 40, preferably skinny or a little chubby, must be clean, and must like to have a talk.

I'm 29 year old man, unhappily married, not looking to break up, just need some sneaky time with someone nice, I am clean, very clean! No smoking, hate the smell, so please don't smoke, drinking here there is fine, I have a mini van, fully loaded where we could ride around and just talk and hang out, and maybe make out.

I have a soft heart, and love to listen to intelligent people, and emotional, I love to give and get.. please contact me if you feel being an intelligent lovely, sweet, lady/woman and would like to just talk out.

Thanks!

Love!    


Westport gym - m4m



You told me you were checking me out but not in that way!
Lol 

If you change your mind let me know. We could have loads of fun!

Just tell me why you were checking me out so I know it's you.    


Young lady at the bar at Lettuce - m4w



I was the dude in the sweater. You were the tiny lady with the roaming hands and the friend w the multicolored hair. I suspect you were on molly. I am just shy...and flattered...and I love you too;)    


Sexy girl at 321 west 37th - m4w



I walked by you building and saw you at the front desk. I walked by again and you were outside on break. We made eye contact but I was with co workers and could not stop    


Seeking Love Stories - w4w



Hello, New York -- 

It's five days into 2017. Skies are grey, and I'm still hungover from the weekend. But that won't stop us from having fun! This year I am looking for love, to write your love stories. I am in search of heart-wrenching, chill-provoking, chest-clutching, mouth-opening, poetry-invoking, fist-pumping love stories to write and later compile as a collection of essays for future publication. 

The basics are we meet for an hour or two for a recorded interview (either you alone or with your person); I write your story; and it's yours to cherish and love til death (or side dick/side chick) do you part. Gender and sexual preference doesn't matter. What matters is it's 2017, people. You've got a story to share, a voice to be heard. 

E-mail me for deets. I look forward to meeting you! 

XO, 
J. Martin



Weird book on the 5 this morning - w4m



You tapped me and asked about the book I was reading. I said it's not what you think, and I'd been nervously waiting for someone to notice and ask me about it. You got off at 14th street. Tell me the name of the book.    


name my puppy - w4m



this is so foolish and outright a waste of my time and yours but by golly i want a puppy sitting next to me right now.  i want it breathing on me and sniffing me with its adorable puppy breath. i want to play games and waste time and go for walks. i am ready to lay down the big bucks for the pup of my dreams and i have the best name in the entire world for him.  i just need this incredibly stressful and adorable distraction right now! i cannot stop wanting this puppy because no otheroption is going to happen for me at my tender age.  i must write this as i know if i actually do it i will be so out of my mind stressed and regretful yet madly in love all at the very same time.  will i ever be a great puppy parent? i dont know i might when i am much older i suppose.  i love his little name and all of the adorable things he will do.  if this is in the cards for me please say some positive words i can use.  i love puppies. i love you.    


Seeking Love Stories - m4m



Hello, New York -- 

It's five days into 2017. Skies are grey, and I'm still hungover from the weekend. But that won't stop us from having fun! This year I am looking for love, to write your love stories. I am in search of heart-wrenching, chill-provoking, chest-clutching, mouth-opening, poetry-invoking, fist-pumping love stories to write and later compile as a collection of essays for future publication. 

The basics are we meet for an hour or two for a recorded interview (either you alone or with your person); I write your story; and it's yours to cherish and love til death (or side dick/side chick) do you part. Gender and sexual preference doesn't matter. What matters is it's 2017, people. You've got a story to share, a voice to be heard. 

E-mail me for deets. I look forward to meeting you! 

XO, 
J. Martin



Seeking Love Stories - m4w



Hello, New York -- 

It's five days into 2017. Skies are grey, and I'm still hungover from the weekend. But that won't stop us from having fun! This year I am looking for love, to write your love stories. I am in search of heart-wrenching, chill-provoking, chest-clutching, mouth-opening, poetry-invoking, fist-pumping love stories to write and later compile as a collection of essays for future publication. 

The basics are we meet for an hour or two for a recorded interview (either you alone or with your person); I write your story; and it's yours to cherish and love til death (or side dick/side chick) do you part. Gender and sexual preference doesn't matter. What matters is it's 2017, people. You've got a story to share, a voice to be heard. 

E-mail me for deets. I look forward to meeting you! 

XO, 
J. Martin



Seeking Love Stories - w4m



Hello, New York -- 

It's five days into 2017. Skies are grey, and I'm still hungover from the weekend. This year I am looking for love, to write your love stories. I am in search of heart-wrenching, chill-provoking, chest-clutching, mouth-opening, poetry-invoking, fist-pumping love stories to write and later compile as a collection of essays. 

The basics are we meet for an hour or two for a recorded interview (either you alone or with your person); I write your story; and it's yours to cherish and love til death (or side dick/side chick) do you part. Gender and sexual preference doesn't matter. What matters is it's 2017, people. You've got a story to share, a voice to be heard. 

Message me for deets. I look forward to meeting you!    


Crunch 54th - m4m



Hey. We were working out at the same time. You are shorter about 5'5" maybe and super tight body. Both of us were doing chest. I'm bald with a beard. I happened to be in the shower area when you got in. Your body is amazing and you're handsome. I'd love to hang out.    


Home Depot last week - w4m



A little after 7pm last Thursday. You were in line getting ready to check out. I got in line behind you but was called over to an open self checkout. We made eye contact briefly before I got in your line. You had short buzzed hair and you were wearing all black I think, with doc martens. Wanted to ask you if you were single. If you are you can add me on Qwikmeet I go by Jessicasw1 or message me here. I Would love to meet up for coffee sometime. Let me know if you remember what I was wearing or purchasing.    


2017 Going with the flow - m4w



About me....

Beaches,malls,museums,movies,lounges,clubs,pool,drinking,quiet walks in parks.

Outgoing, spontaneous, independent, adventerous, business owner, 5'7, 165 lbs, good listener, good friend

Studio engineer and fashion designer , I own 5 businesses.

Race.....french,Indian, England.



Going with the flow - m4w



About me....

Beaches,malls,museums,movies,lounges,clubs,pool,drinking,quiet walks in parks.

Outgoing, spontaneous, independent, adventerous, business owner, 5'7, 165 lbs, good listener, good friend

Studio engineer and fashion designer , I own 5 businesses.

Race.....french,Indian, England.



black lady with the opaque tights and stellettos



black lady with the opaque tights and stilettos
you sat across from me on the train
and we made eye contact several times
I was the white gent in the shirt and tie
you are very very very lovely
I am kicking myself I did not give you my business
card




Work Romance - m4w



Is it only in my mind or are you are flirting with me at the office? Is your tempting me real or just some amusement? It is too risky to actually approach you directly to find out if there is mutual interest to explore something discreet. I am pretty sure you are attracted to me. If I knew you would be open to a discreet relationship, I would go for it because I do sense that we would be very hot together. So I hope you see this and reply. Put "Work Romance" in title of your message and tell me something so I will know it is you when you reply.    


Lobby Bar - m4w



You were having a drink with a girlfriend in the lobby bar last week. Not sure you noticed me checking you out since you were engaged in conversation. Put name of the hotel in your reply.  Thanks.    


Coupla Hustlas - m4w



We met briefly at Coupla Hustlas event a couple of months ago.  Our partners weren't into going for it but I believe we had some interest in each other.



Cute woman in times square last night - m4w



I was the cute cop last night. We made eye contact several times. If by chance you read this. Send me your pic and where you were standing.    


Missing the taste of you - m4w



I miss the way you taste and I know you miss it too. When we were together it always felt like we never worked but when we fucked we always felt at our best. You now have someone and I do too, but no pussy ever compares to the taste of yours and no lips have ever felt the same wrapped around my cock. If you find this and believe this is you, email me. Here are a few clues.

I followed you at 18.
Spent half a decade together.
We continued our sex for a while after our separation. In secret.
Your favorite place to have sex was in your mom's bed.




Lady in Red on the 7 - m4w



I saw you get on and I couldn't take my eyes off of you... Red coat with beautiful red lipstick, same exact shade... Straight dark brown hair and faux (guessing) leopard print earmuffs... You seem to have some ethnic flavor, but I couldn't place it. It adds to the stunning beauty that I can't get off my mind... Even your eyebrows were driving me crazy... 

I know you know who I am, we made eye contact. You kinda turned around after. Maybe you were uncomfortable with the fact that I was so enamored with you, or maybe you just got shy, you smiled at me before you did, so I don't know for sure. 

If you are reading this, you probably guessed already who I am, the basic guy with the big black jacket, dark blue jeans, green t-shirt and Yankees cap. Yeah, I know I'm not exactly on the pulse of fashion, but I do know an artfully beautiful woman when I see her, and you are exactly that! 

I'd like to tell you that I'm a photographer (amateur) and I'd love the chance to get some pictures of you for my portfolio. I'm not asking for romance or intimacy, just time with your beauty, to capture it, to have your loveliness mix with my talent and share it with the world... 

I hope you see this, and I hope to hear from you...    


In front of Capital 1 Bank - m4m



I doubt you will see this, but I had to try... I was standing in front of Capital One Bank Today Thursday 5th at 9 am... you walked by staring at me heading towards 8th Ave... 

You are so cute.. I'm very interested in you but I was with friend so couldn't stop you and give u my number.. if you see this, please contact me and say something about me and you so I know it's the right person. Thanks    


Matchstick Man - m4w



Hello, I'm looking for the daughter I was forced to give up for adoption 25 years ago.  I know you live in the city.  I wonder if we have crossed paths before.  If you grew up without a father, I would love to hear from you.    


Cute guy , meet me at the swingers party Today 1/5/17 - w4m



Start the new year off right and join the swingers party scene with us! We received a lot of request to extend the hours so on Thursday, 1/5/17, we'll be playing from 12 pm (noon) -8 pm. The gathering will be hosted in an Airbnb apartment (with the owner's permission) located on the lower east side of manhattan near the Williamsburg bridge. 

Single men and woman and couples are welcome. RSVP for full details.    


Tall man with cute bulldog - m4m



You're the man with the "cute" bulldog.  
We talked about your accident and how it changed your life.  
We also talked about a few other things including what I like.  Tell me what I like.
The helpful details are me.  You have close-cut salt & pepper hair are reasonably slender/athletic
I want to meet you again.    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

........................................................................................................................................................................    


"like a ballerina" - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

...........................................................................................................



Laura Wolf from Shearson - m4w



Laura worked on Wall Street as a marketing exec with Shearson in the 70's-80's. I would like to reconnect and reminisce about those days on Wall Street. My name is Bob Fash and i was with Shearson in the Los Angeles area then.    


Brushed Suede



The shoes I wear when I am with you.
The random things people like me do to kill time.
Now this.
I told myself that the last of this crap would be NYE.
Oh well...
Here I am.
I was there. 
There you were.
A fleeting glimpse.
Even in blurry silhouette,
You are breathtaking. 
I die....
I want to quit.



Thoughts ... - m4w



I wonder sometimes what am I doing wrong. I tend to always meet woman that aren't necessarily my type. Since they took the time out to show a little interest I'll pursue them knowing fully well it will end. Maybe because I know they're somewhat insecure with themselves I sense it and capitalize on it? The women I'm attracted to don't show me the time of day. Maybe it's me that's  insecure? I worry to much about my first impression, and ability to carry on an interesting conversation. I guess it's written all over my face lol. The women I'm not attracted to conversation just flows. I don't feel intimidated or nervous because I'm not interested. I see them as a friend no need to impress. This continues to happen! I don't want to continue to do a disservice to these woman I'm not attracted to. It's not fair to string someone along, feelings get involved and eventually hurt. Plus valuable time is wasted. I'm not that evil! I would just like to get to know someone I'm attracted to without getting nervous and stumbling over my words lol. I'm doing well, not perfect in any stretch of the imagination but in a comfortable space. I'm just missing that one valuable piece of the puzzle.    


The Woods Jamie - w4w



Met you tonight at the woods. You were enchanting. Gave you my number saw you text me but then never got it :(    


Dos toros - carnitas - w4m



We were in line a couple of days ago. You asked me for a recommendation. Instead, I took yours. I wish I knew your name.    


Nate from Wisconsin in his 30s - m4m



You came over to my place in Ridgewood in the summer. You walked from BedStuy. We chatted, cuddled, and fooled around. You ended up spending the night. You're in your early 30s.You're tall, hairy, and somewhat beefy. The stats I listed here are mine, not yours.

I'd love to hang out again, even if it's just to fool around at The Cock or something. Let me know if you see this.    


The cute frum/jewish girl at starbucks - m4w



Hey, we were in Starbucks together.. I was sitting there, doing school work.. you were on line.. we kept making eye contact.. your tznious but hot clothes looking perfect, your skirt just to your knee.. your top just tight enough for me to make out your nice perky breasts on your slender frame.. your nails looking cute and your hair was beautiful...   glance after glance... if it's you... I can't stop thinking about you.. message me.. let's not leave it as a "what coulda been"  waiting to hear from you. :)    


hola hombre casado buscando solo amistades - m4w
In Search of Frenchy2424 - m4m



In my adolescence I messaged a man on this AOL gay man's chat room for, like, 20-year-olds. His username was Frenchie2424, and he was the reason that I figured out I was gay. He was my homosexual fantasy. It would have been summer 2003. Let me know if you know him or are him; I'd love to reconnect. Happy New Year!    


Feelings - w4m



I've had to
Nobody's ever cared for mine
I'm sorry I'm only looking after me
Right now
Trust me
I'm not truly like this
Im actually very loving    


Ceremonial. - w4m



Exactly 1 year ago today, you wrote this for me: "Don't worry. Everything might change. But that's okay. Change is the best way we can reveal ourselves. You are never alone. Keep steppin." - JAM 

I doubt you knew the depth and relevance your words would have one year later, but you are right.  Everything has changed... You're my best friend and I miss you. You broke my heart in the way I always feared you would - utter silence. It is clear to me that you don't want me in your life and I will respect that. 

I still have the gift I made for you. I can't bring myself to throw it away - it's yours. If you see this message, please let me know where I can send it. 

I will always love you unconditionally. Now and forever. 

J    


Gingerbread - m4w



I can't seem to catch you. You remain in my thoughts all the time, but maybe that's because you popped out of the oven before you were done baking and I have been wondering (no, remembering) what you tasted like. Please write me if you get a chance. I am so often in town. And still 

Your,

Samurai    


You took my dollar lol bp gas station - m4w



I gave you a scratch off which one 
And what color car you in
I'm Tony tell mee what I was driving 
I wanted to talk more    


John with size 13 feet, Union Sq - m4m



I worshipped your big feet and sucked you off in a massage room west of Union Square last December. You're about 6 feet tall and in your late thirties, jock-type body. It was very hot and I keep fantasizing about doing it again. If you'd be interested in meeting again, please include a photo of yourself with your response. Stats are me.    


At the gym - m4m



Hey -- we keep running into each other in the gym. (We were packing up around the same time today.) If you ever wanted to meet more privately, let me know...I'm sure we'd have some fun.    


penn station bathroom orange hat - m4m



orange hat, green jumpsuit.
around 8 tonight.
you were the most important, the king.
i eventually moved next to you for a minute.
i was in a black jacket.
hmu.    


Brighton Beach bound B train - m4w



We both got on at Brodway-Lafayette and made eye contact multiple times. Message me if you see this and let me know what stop you got off    


Uptown A - 10:00pm on 1/4 - Midtown to 125th - m4m



You, sexy black gentleman with a great herringbone (?) coat, light jeans, and black Nike low tops.
I sat across from you in the back corner seat, white guy, navy coat, beard.
We were riding together from Chelsea or Midtown to 125th Street where you got off.
We looked a few times at each other - of course, I chickened out and got shy.
Want to connect?    


225 - m4w



Shared the same train line, transfer , subway car, morning walk, elevator and workplace. 

You look pretty when you yawn.    


Tonight on M train - m4m



Tonight around 8 fifteen.
I think we both got on the M heading towards Forest Hills at
Roosevelt. That's when I noticed yiu sitting across from me.
We keep looking at each other - or at least I kept looking at you.
You're a young Latin guy wearing a baseball cap, gray hooded jacket, white sneakers and jeans nice and tight that made your legs a crotch look hot.
You kept looking at your phone.
I'm older white guy in blue coat, jeans, wearing glasses.
I'd like to hang out and see what we could get into.
On the long shot chance you see this, remember me and wanna play, just tell me what stop you got off at so I know it's you.
Thanks.    


M4M on G train tonight from court sq - m4m



We were sitting opposite each other on the train tonight. I was with a friend and I was wearing cream scarf and brown trench w fur collar. You has a cute sweater, Union Jack socks and interesting shoes. We kept locking eyes.    


Tomorrow - w4m
Equinox - Rock Center (Wednesday Evening) - m4m



We were in the same changing area. You also asked me to point you in the direction of the locker room when you were done with your workout.

If you would like to chat sometime, hit me up.    


Corner Christopher street and Greenwich  avenue - Jan 4th - 8pm - m4m



You - marine coat - intense look.
Me - tall -  dark coat with a hood on my head.
We looked at each other. Then I stopped in front of the windows of the store on Greenwich avenue. I saw you turning your head back. Then I stopped. And I could not see you anymore. 
I think we connected ;-)    


Starbucks on UES - m4w



Your were at Starbucks on Lex & 87th and I was at a nearby table with my laptop. My table was  aligned such that we were eyeing each other as you waited. I saw your ring but perhaps?????? Contact me and lets see what plays out. Put "latte" in title when you reply. 




MRI Nurse Cornell Weill - m4w



I'm the mid-20s Asian American patient who you, a blonde nurse, attended to by helping insert the instrument for the MRI on Tuesday 1/3 evening.  I would love to take you to dinner.    


We shared a walk on the Williamsburg Bridge - w4m



You turned to say hello. 
&start conversation before I had to change direction. 
It would be nice to meet again over coffee-just one (to keep with the resolution)-
and perhaps another walk across. 




Penn station bathroom - wed 8pm blue trench - m4m



It was about 10 mins to 8 on Wedsday 1/4.  You walked into the bathroom wearing a blue trench and had luggage.  Some homeless man was screaming like a...well...homeless man in penn station.  I moved to be next to you.    


Crunch 19th around 7pm Bearded Hottie - m4m



You are a beautiful bearded man with buzzed head (or short hair). We made eye contact on the floor while I was on the assisted pull-up/dips machine near the water fountain. You were wearing a white/off-white sleeveless tee and green shorts. The beard was beautifully full and blond. I lost you on the floor but coincidentally we were close to each other in the locker room. You moved your stuff to make space for me and I said "you're fine" - I meant it.

I was wearing a grey tank top, navy UA shorts, red sneakers, and a black snapback. I wanted to ask you out but I am shy and didn't know if you are gay or not.

If you know who this is and you want to go for a drink, I'll be waiting for your response.    


Jane Doe where did you go? - m4w



You responded to my ad saying how perfect you would be for me. I wrote you back a few times and you have not answered. Why contact me telling me how perfect you would be and then not say a word?? I am dying to talk more!    


Awaiting Bus - m4m



Wednesday approx 1:30pm, u were waiting for bus .....made some eye contact and watched as  you grabbed and readjusted, couldn't tell if there was interest ....but there was on my part....discreet here, tell me what bus and stop....and let me help u get adjusted...    


La La Land-today - m4m



I talked to you after the 440 of La La Land...you're very cute. We were both alone. Hit me up here if, perchance, you see this.    


On uptown B train, 1/4 - m4m



we sat side-by-side on a B train heading uptown around 6:30 pm wednesday. Our legs touched; neither of us pulled away. Your leg felt muscular and strong. I got off before you; was hoping you would follow me. If this is you, let me know where I got off and what I was doing while we were riding next to each other.    


Sweet and Spicy Ts Redbone



Discreet, no rush or fuss.Enjoy traveling out only and  overnight stays are my favorite! Very playful, skilled,& gifted. A magicial experience you'll never forget! Open to it all... Mild to wild. Don't miss out. Reply with a pic(s) now and let's get the party going. No back and forth. Keep it short and sweet and to the point. *Pics required for response.* Looking forward to hearing from you. Xoxo p2p generations    


More - m4w



I knew I loved you more.  It just sucks that you seem to be able to shut off your emotions so effortlessly.

I hope you're well.  You're still my favorite.    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Believe

........................................................................................................................................................................    


Nowhere Bar Tuesday Night - m4m



Seen at Nowhere Bar Bear night Tuesday around Midnight: You are quite tall , bearded, with big arms, big legs, and a big cute gut. You were dressed in a cute button down shirt with little dots. You are just gorgeous. I am also bearded, brown hair, 42yo, 6ft , gwm, 200lbs.. You left before I could say hello. Let's connect.    


Tuesday night, 11:15 PM or so in the rain on 25th Street - m4m



I was out smoking a cigarette when you walked by.  You came back and we spoke about a mutual couple we both new who moved away.  We made small talk and went our separate ways.  I should have invited you up to my place.  When I thought more about it - you were gone.   Were you interested?   Could you be?
Tell me what floor that couple lived on so I know its you.  And tell me what you're into.    


Delta 1489 Miami to LGA  -Jan 4 - m4m



Hello A 
Had a great small convo (at least I thought)  towards the end of our flight..today around 4p  just really would like to pick up where we left off. I was so into our conversation I left my sweater lol. Anyway, hit up if you ever see this - I'll know it's you I'll ask you some specifics.

Anyway, hope you got home safe 
Thanks
A    


L train 6th Ave towards Brooklyn, I hoped off at 1st Ave - w4m



We both got on the last car of the subway, L train towards brooklyn from 14th and 6th ave. 
I was wearing pink converse, black leggings and a pink sweater. You had a houndstooth jacket under your coat, black jeans, brown shoes and a cute scarf. 
We smiled a lot at each other sitting across from one another. I couldnt help it.
I got off at 1st ave, you continued to Brooklyn.
I wish I had said hello.    


Equinox Steam/Locker Room - m4m



We kept making eye contact a few times. Not sure if you were interested or not. We walked out at the same time then you went to Whole Foods.    


Sake Bar Hagi - we started talking while waiting - m4w



Its on West 49th street. You are a cute Chinese girl. I introduced myself while we were both waiting for the restaurant to open. We were both waiting for our friends.

I should have asked for your number or wechat.

If you see this lets go out to dinner together.    


Esther........
Tantric Massages for Girls - m4w



Tantric Massages for Girls
Massages, Bikini, Oil Baths, 
Scented Candles, Music and lots more
Professional, Private, Very Discreet    


Tantric Massages for Girls - m4w



Tantric Massages for Girls
Massages, Bikini, Oil Baths, 
Scented Candles, Music and lots more
Professional, Private, Very Discreet    


345 Park - walked in together this afternoon - m4w



Hi you were the striking girl with brown hair that walked into 345 park building right before 4 pm. I first saw you on the corner where we waited for the light at the same time and walked into the building together. I'm the guy with the black hair that was ahead of you on the escalator and saw you look back as I headed to my elevator bank. On the off chance you actually check this, mail me back so I can take you out for a drink.    


The man who saw me crying today - w4m



Around midday I was leaning against a building just south of the library , (the pale girl in all black with black hair )you asked if I was all right.  I could only shake my head I was in so much pain, as someone had run their wheeled luggage over my already injured  foot and didn't stop.  I wanted to say thank you for being so thoughtful and kind.    


Woke up so horny - m4t
Watching us on the A last night - mw4w



It was around 10:45pm, and the train was a bit crowded. My lady friend was pressing up against me, and I was running my hand over the front of her gym shorts...she would push her legs against mine, putting pressure on her clit...she loves that. I looked up a few times and we made eye contact, and smiled.    


Looking for the Muscular Asian I used to Massage - m4m



I lost your email! You lived in the far west section of the West Village. Muscular Asian (mixed). I told you the massage was platonic because I needed to practice a few new techniques but after like 30 minutes we were both warm and went over to the couch. You sat down and opened a beer and I was already on my knees. Your baseball cap was on front-side but you turned it around and kept telling me "Suck it bitch. Yeah, love the way you white bitches suck dick" while you took swigs of your beer. 

I think there was a football game on because you said, "Hell yeah My team scored and so did I!" After you busted you told me to keep worshipping manhood so I was on my knees kissing soft cock for probably 20 minutes or more. You were shaking your head and talking about how weak I was for letting a man invade my mouth, especially for so long. 

Anyway, if this at all sounds familiar please get back to me. I'm still living downtown and look the same, and doing the same internship lol    


Blue haired, Hopefully L at Grand Central - m4w



I did in fact see you.  It's been a while.  I still remember and regret my behavior when we last spoke.    


Clark Street Station (WED. 12/28) - m4m



Hey longshot but here goes.....Wednesday, 12/28 about 9am.

I've actually spotted you at Eastern Athletic Club gym before and was on the treadmill
today as you left. You are a handsome slender light skinned black dude beautiful soft
skin and light moustache.

To my surprise after leaving the gym we crossed paths when I entered Clark Street station
subway and you were standing right inside the entrance. We definitely checked each other
out ......I was wearing dark sweat shorts Nike sneakers & warm up jacket tall GL Italian 
mix and your eyes went right to my legs:).....as  I turned the corner of station out Henry Street 
exit we still checked each other out :)

Would love to hang out with you sexy man......discreet here lmk if you see this    


46th St subway - w4m



Handsome stranger - you made me blush ..next time join me on the M one stop down :)    


Dark Hair and Brown Eyes - m4w



It always happens
The slightest touch or glance
Leaves me wanting more

We should meet  again. 
Go to our room and undress
Need more than 2 hours

Take what we can get
Linger as long as we can
Until the next time.    


You missed me last time! - m4w



I am heading out to do some magic shows in Times Square.

I'll be there some of the afternoon it is 11am and I am heading out now...

Facebook dot com /mentallyhyp

to follow the story    


Man of the Cloth - m4w



Good morning my child.  People have asked me why I post here.  The reason is simple their are lost children / sheep every where.  And I am always looking for someone who feels they need someone in my position to talk to but are afraid to approach.
If this sounds like you put Yes Father in the subj and tell me why you are writing.  This is only between you and I.    


well, you made my morning! - m4w



Really nice to see you this morning! I totally enjoyed it! Am I crazy, but was there a little flirting going on? I dug it. Hoping you make your way down again soon.    


ice skating....... - m4w



lets talk........life short.....we newer know....maybe date............lets see next sunday    


Tel Aviv to AMS - m4w



You were headed to JFK from AMS, end of last year, on KLM. You were wearing a white top and a grey back pack. You sat to my right and you were in the aisle seat. 

Tell me a bit about me so I know it is you!    


Beautiful petite blonde Home Depot checkouts - m4w



I usually see you 1 to 2 times a week and almost always pick your line unless your doing self. Your a pleasure to talk to and very cute as well. We always chat it up. I don't really want to get you in trouble at work but would love to see you outside of home depot perhaps. You have mentioned where you live, a sign maybe or just super friendly?hope this finds you.    


Jessica S..Where are you?  This is E..... - m4w



This is Eric. I miss our meetups and times smoking and chilling in the city. You are my soul mate. I can explain why I didnt show up to take you on your trip. It wasnt our time. I had to keep you from a certain energy. If we are meant to be you will find this post with no problem.  I'm sending the energy out in the universe so you can find me. Call me. I know you have my number still. Its our time now. I love U. We can go to Cali, start your business. or start it here in the city..whatever u want to do    


Houston uptown 1 Train steps - m4w



You we're coming down and I was coming up, we locked eyes and smiled at each other. I should have turned around and said something. Would love to meet you again :) let me know what I looked like?    


Random Encounter - m4w



Let's chat and send flirty emails and then meet up and make out. And/or more. We can watch a movie. Or go on a walk. Or just lie around and snuggle. We can do whatever we want. The weather's getting nice. We should have some fun.

I'm cute. Or...rather...I've been TOLD I'm cute so who the hell knows. I'm maybe in my thirties? But also maybe I look like 28. Or 27. Or 32. You can evaluate some pictures of me and let me know.

All I ask is that you not be a dude. Or a bridge troll. Or both.




Anyone Off Tomorrow? - m4w



I'm "working" from home, with the holidays, basically not doing anything really. I think it would be hilarious and awesome to meet a cute girl, who isn't an insane ax murderer and spend the day lying around watching movies. Anything else that happens is entirely optional.

I'm in my early 30s, cute, sane, clean, fun.....so many wonderful things.
Let's chat? Probably looking to make this happening before like 5 or 6 tonight. Or after, it all depends. :)



Taxis Stopped at Traffic Light - m4w



Last evening, from the streetlights and the glow of your phone I could see how attractive you are.  Drink sometime?    


Bergdorfs - m4w



Your were coming out of Bergdorfs yesterday as I was entering and I held the door for you.  You were dressed to show your best and I was in blue suit.  I think you saw me look back and wink.  Contact me and lets see if this plays out as steamy as the looks would indicate.  Discretion assured.  Put "Bergdorfs" in title of your reply.    


Northbound 4/5 Train Friday Afternoon - m4w



Woman with black hair wearing tight fitted jacket that was oppositie me on the train from 14th Street until we both got off at 86th Street.  Interested?    


You made my boss look like a fool - w4m



You are our IT consultant.  All the other guys in the department respect you and say you "know your shit."  You just explained how things work to my boss and made him look like a complete fool.  You looked at me like you were going to devour me.  I was so intimidated by you I couldn't look you in the eye.

I would like to come work for you and anything else you want me to do.    


Equinox GC 615pm on Jan 3 showing off - m4m



Tall ripped black dude.  I have seen you a lot in the mornings.  But I was there last night around 615 and you were toweling off by the sinks. Your body is amazing and I've seen your huge dick before but it was never that big.  And you were purposely drying off your dick for a full minute. Maybe it was getting bigger. I was washing my hands and could not look away.  I'm sure you saw me staring through the mirror.  I just want to say at the least that you're perfection.  If you're at all interested in a good blow job, I would be more than happy to take care of that for you. Hit me up...    


Brandon... equinox GC - m4m



You're so hot... all I want to do is eat your perfect ass... not sure if you're interested as well, we have smiles and short exchanges, don't know if you're just being friendly. But wow you're amazing.    


Flair pens - m4w



Dear M -

  As the old saying goes - insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Despite that, here I am posting again on the off chance that you see this and you actually reply (or email or text me). 

I still haven't been able to get you out of my thoughts - especially this time of year. I still think about you often, wondering what happened earlier this year and why you abruptly stopped talking to me. You asked for time and promised it wasn't goodbye, but I never heard from you again. I hope you're alive and well, and I'd really like to know what happened or what I did wrong. 

If you happen to see this I'd love to talk to you. Maybe coffee?

Feel free to reply here, email me, or text if you want. 

-P



Darlene - m4w



I've been going to set and have my coffee every morning just to see your pretty face. I hope you see this. What's my name?    


DOES ANYONE KNOW SOMEONE NAMED BRETT ??????please read - m4w



Dear Brett Lauren C.-
I don't know where you are but I miss you and love you very much. 
We dated for a while and then broke up because I was young and stupid. Anyway we had a chance a few years later and I thought I was very obvious in trying to show you. Maybe I should have been honest and straight forward telling you I loved you instead of "playing it cool".
Not sure if you were into someone else or what.
Anyway, since then I have always loved you and missed you. I compared any one else I dated to you.
You are the most beautiful sincere caring and strong woman I have ever meet in my life. I wish I had another chance to see you or be with you. But I hope either way you are smiling and happy.
Hope this finds you and maybe we will have another chance if you are single......Just know I love and miss you terribly.
If anyone reading this knows Brett (I will give you last name if you think you know her), please pass this along to her. She lived in Yonkers when we dated and went to Manhattan College in the Bronx, NY.    


same hotel, same ferry - w4m



We stayed at the same hotel, (Embassy)  and I saw you at breakfast and when i was leaving yesterday morning. I then noticed we were on the same ferry, twice. I doubt you will see this, but i wanted to talk to you - but you were busy with (i'm guessing) your two boys. you had what looked like a class ring on your finger. if you're interested, feel free to reply.    


Camo scarf, L Train - m4w



There was more to say then just a glance or two, would like to meet you, get to know you.

Tuesday the 3, Jan, between 6 and 7 in the evening, you got off and I transferred to G.

Describing myself 5'10, wearing black jacket, might have had blue hat on. 




"like a ballerina" - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

You overwhelm me.......still.

I love you.

R.

............................................................................................................    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

........................................................................................................................................................................    


Right person...wrong time - w4m



I see you everyday at work and I know you are not in the best of situations. We speak everyday. I think you are pretty amazing. I don't have any other way of connecting. I think of you often. If we are near and our bodies touch I could melt. If once our lips could touch my heart would melt. You have the most amazing, caring eyes which I am sure are the windows to your soul. You shared your favorite comedian with me yesterday in a clip. You bring me coffee all the time. We joked about millennials. Maybe just maybe you will read this...    


It's the R - m4w



Been seeing you an extremely sexy redbone woman .Cant help myself but to admire you when I can.would love for us to go out and enjoy your company to know you better.your so sexy.    


Q TRAIN/ ASIAN MAN WITH THE BLUE EYES - m4m
Cute Chicago girl sharing an Uber... - m4w



More of u sounds hella sweet.  If u need this tall nerd in your life then come and get some...
Stuart    


Molly!!! - m4w



Good golly Ms. Molly. Met you at skinny dennis and wonder where you went? Tell me what you said to me so I know it's you.    


Red beanie, white coat jacket, slim black pants - m4w



You walked past me while I was leaning against the wall outside Grand Central.  Blonde haired beautiful girl, black boots with the fur! Red beanie, white jacked,  black slim pants hugging those curves. I ran after you too late, you had already made a left at the end of the block. I lost you. Not sure if you went into the subway or kept going. I wanted to talk to you. I'm not from here. Tomorrow is my last day before I head back home. Around 1:30am    


Midnight F Train 12/09 into 12/10 - m4w



The What: I was sitting mostly with my eyes closed and smiling. I believe you were smiling and looking at me. When I left and passed by the open door we made eye contact. I waved.

Interesting to be in each other's heads for a minute.



Looking for advice - w4m



I'm not sure where to post this, so I'll try here. I am in my mid-twenties and I've had what I'd consider two serious relationships in my life. The problem is that both men happened to have issues in bed and we were unable to have intercourse. Luck of the draw, right? Anyway, I'm a girl that guys typically like, but because of bad experiences in trying to have intercourse with my exes, and because I am still a virgin as a result (not the type to do the casual sex thing), I feel embarrassed to even talk about this with potential relationships, and it's stopping me from pursuing them in the first place. I dated a guy recently who told me how weird and not normal it is, which made me feel even worse about it. I stuck by my exes because I thought we'd be able to work through this and I didn't want them to feel embarrassed. It just so happened that I had two of them with similar problems (this is a side effect of certain meds). Anyway, I want to get into a relationship and share this experience with someone special, but I don't know how to get past this embarrassment/anxiety about it and/or to not face judgment from others about it like the guy mentioned earlier. Any advice would be much appreciated. Thank you.    


equinox uws sauna - m4m



we were in the sauna tuesday night
youre white and have a tattoo on your back
we should have some fun sometime    


Time out NY - m4w



Just like a puzzle, there is a slice of pizza laying on the ground. 
Pizzerias are everywhere, trashcans are on every corner. 
Whom does it belong to, nobody knows. 
On Boradway, there is a tourist. And just like a puzzle, its right there in the middle of a huge mess. 
What does it do? 

Welcome, to New York City.    


Brian from Tinder - "I don't have a good impression of you" - w4m



When I said "tell me something meaningful, I don't have a good impression of you," I meant as in I don't have a good sense of you (tell me something about you that's more personal), but I see how you could've read it in the negative. I apologize if I offended you. It wasn't meant that way. If you somehow happen to come across this tell me my name or something we talked about.    


Blue Shop/ - m4m



Was early for a drink hookup and cruised the Blue Shop. You were entering as I was leaving and I wish I would have said something. Of course my coffee date was not hot sweet or ready for the cream but I bet you were. You tall dressed in black/Black. How can I meet you to find out if there is a there there for me?
You know who I am    


Looking for a white or latina - m4w



Yes this is a post if you are a working woman in and out at night and day i houst and drive i can drive to your locations and wait also in calls at you convinced. Two o 1 is my reach tree 9 seven is my drive zero seven is the detonations 80 is the complete. Call.    


Flew back from LA and shared a cab - m4w



I've never done this before, but hoping maybe since you got your roommates from Craigslist you might happen to see this. 

We split a cab from JFK after both coming from LA, You were heading to west village and dropped me off in the east village, didn't get a chance to ask for your number but if you see this and would like to re-connect please let me know!    


ranchy, dirty and aggressive phone sex needed now - m4m



Horny bottom young. Latino. So horny. Have a didlo in my ass thinking of a hard cock in my ass. I love an aggressive daddy that loves my tight hole and can claim it, open it and make it feel good. 

Looking for older aggressive and sexy guy now.    


Q train at Church ave - m4w



We were waiting for the Manhattan bound Q train, and you asked me whether we were on the Manhattan bound track, I said yes, then I mentioned I had missed my stop earlier. I have brown glasses, you have short brown hair, you're so cute!    


Black Lips NYE Show Dancer - m4w



We danced and it was amazing. We kissed at midnight, and then some more. You told me you were Burmese. You took a photo of me and my friend. At the end of the show, you went looking for your friends and that was that. Would love to see you again. Tell me what kind of camera you had so I know its you..




Lobby at In Transit on Broadway - m4m



You wore a leather jacket. We smiled. Chatted briefly while u waited for your partner. You said good to see you. Would love to see you again!    


Lunch connection - m4w



We were both guilty of mild flirting while waiting on the cashier line, we both knew we weren't 'free agents' relationship status-wise so we left it at a flirt.

I sense that we are both terminally unavailable, but would love a wine sharing confidante with some physical chemistry electricity mixed in.

Me:  6 ft 1", salt and pepper, full head of hair and athletic build in a 40's type of way, easy on the eyes based upon the way you eyed me and the feeling was definitely mutual



IN TRANSIT on Broadway Tuesday Night - m4m



You were sitting next to me rubbing your leg against mine. I rubbed your leg. Would love to meet!    


Crazy Town - m4w



Saw you tonight at the movies. Was feeling down so i bought a ticket for Sing, but never even got to the previews cause there you were with a whole group of friends. Mostly guys... 

You had your a red boyfriend shirt on with matching 11's

I was thinking to come up and say hi but when i got down to your aisle all i heard was you laughing and having a good time, i wonder if you noticed. 

Cause if you didn't, we passed each other a while back when on break over the holidays, i was just coming back home from the hospital and saw you from behind in my hood, you did your hair the way that i remember best... And then again - on the ACE as i was headed home from 34th st, early like before 9am. Seems like it was forever ago.

At least, your eyes told me so...    


Planet Fitness Bushwick - m4m



Hey, I've seen you several times at the Bushwick Planet Fitness. Tonight you were wearing a light blue shirt and shirts, and carrying a white bag. One of these times I'll say hi.    


ANNA - m4w



I am up callI am up callI am up call
I am up I am up I am up I am up call
I am up call    


POZ COUPLE - mw4mw



We are African American HIV positive female and male couple looking for someone that want to be with us in a sub or poly family relationship. If you are interested let us know. We are nudist and love finding someone that the same without any judgement. Serious replies only put in subject line HIV POSITIVE couple so we know that you are 100% real.    


I was your first arrest of the year - m4m



It was just after midnight on New Years Day. You and your partner arrested me in a park in East Harlem. While patting me down you noticed my dick was getting hard. You thought I had been with a hooker but it was actually you. I thought you were hot as hell and I could t help it. Both of you were. I wanted you guys to put me in that van and teach me a lesson- not take me to jail. (It was a missed opportunity to thank you for your service by providing some service of my own. But rewind to this ad by telling me what you found in my pocket and we can make it happen the way it should have....please officers, i'all do anything to get out of this ticket!    


caprone // - w4m
Let's get it - m4m



Downlow bro looking to chill .. Curiosity is killing me .. Straight acting downlow to the front .. Young handsome individual don't sleep .. Real laid back here    


To the guy I flashed on the Express Bus tonight... - m4m



Sorry that was a shocker for you, lol. You used to suck me off a few years back, thought you would've remembered. Sitting there thinking about the times you used to suck my dick, lick my balls and eat my ass out made me hard, so when I got up, I had to take my dick out of my pants and push it up while putting my coat on - figured you'd like to see it, no one else was able to see. Would like to hang again, it's been a long time. Get at me, tell me what I was wearing...    


Equinox Flatiron / 6 Train - m4m



Long shot, but we were on the 6 train from 51st to 23rd and then in the same class at Equinox.  We are both in our 30s-ish, you're white, I'm Asian.  Wanted to say hi, but it would've been awkward in the class.  Drop me a line if you want to grab a drink, telling me what type of class it was.    


Looking for young guy with FINGER.... - m4m



Daddy type here. Hot as hell in bed. Very oral and great at it. NEVER BEEN FUCKED. Kinda scared of it. Looking for an 18-26YO student who need some ten. help to let me suck him and finger me and maybe more depending on how it goes. If it works out you can try to fill my ass with dick. Lets see what happens. Send pics and stats and lets try this for fun amd hot times.    


Gotan - on 46th between 5th and 6th - m4w



We seem to have the same coffee schedule.

You are a lovely asian female, you had a long coat the other day and very nice legs. I have seen you several times walking by me on 46th street. I like your smile and I like your style.

This week we happened to be at Gotan at the same time. I could not stop looking at you. I am not sure if you noticed me. If you see this I would love to have a drink with you or have dinner and get to know you more.    


Transit cop on 72nd / 2nd Ave stop - m4w



You a black beautiful woman with a uniform that was with I'm guessing you supervisor..we kept looking at each other when we was on the Q train at 72nd. I even hand gesture to give me your number lol you got off at 59th and even said have a nice day and you responded back..maybe we can can get coffee when you get off your tour. Hit me up    


lady on the 7 train to flushing - m4w



I was on the 7 train to flushing and
i ended up sitting across from you.
im sorry i kept looking. you just captivated
my attention. i looked at you a few times 
and you looked back. 
you very pretty lady in your
30's. you had long jet black hair 
black opaque tights and black knee high boots. very smartly dressed
with a beautiful smile.
me im 47 tall white gentleman 
baby blue eyes . maybe im crazy but i think
we have great chemistry 
i really really want to see you
again and get to know you.
please please please if your reading 
write to me    


Fire at 223 Washington Ave Bridgeport, CT - w4m



Hey I met a great guy the night after the fire in 223 Washington Ave. Maybe he doesn't read Craigslist but you do. Maybe you're his friend, relative or coworker. The fire was over two years ago and he might have moved or just been visiting. Please ask him to respond to my posting. I would love to connect with him again. My name is Noelle. The fire was in August of 2014.    


POZ COUPLE - mw4mw



We are African American HIV positive female and male couple looking for someone that want to be with us in a sub or poly family relationship. If you are interested let us know. We are nudist and love finding someone that the same without any judgement. Serious replies only put in subject line HIV POSITIVE couple so we know that you are 100% real.    


Saw you at Costco Norwwalk - m4w



Saw you today around 2Pm at Costco Norwalk getting eye glasses, I was with my wife you had 3 kids with you,we exchange eye contact many times and I felt that you wanted to say something well I am interested too. Let me know if you want to meet or something because i sure do :)    


Beautiful white woman on the D train - our eyes met briefly - m4w



It was somewhere between 3:30pm to 4pm this late afternoon and you sat in front of me on the D train. I was far too tired from my day to avoid nodding off at some point when we crossed the bridge. Noticed how beautiful you were but again, too tired to even muster up anything more than half a smile. When you got off, I could have sworn you briefly locked eyes with me. I was the rugged, muscular Asian guy. (Although with all my clothes on, I'm not entirely sure if that would a good description). Let's exchange photos if you believe you are the woman I saw today. Would have loved to have had more time to talk to you.    


Drinks on Columbus Avenue - m4w



You were at the bar having a drink with a friend.  I passed you as I was leaving and made eye contact.  Would love to buy you a drink too sometime.




In Central Park - m4w



Crossed paths in Central Park near the Great Lawn on Sunday.  If you weren't with your man I would have approached you.  Discretion assured.



Blonde on Lex Line Tuesday Morning - m4w



Attractive blonde (in her mid-50s) in heeled shoes that boarded the express train on Lex line at 86th Street (and I think got off at 59th Street) this morning (Tuesday).  Message me (the classy man in the grey suit).    


favorite this post  Is anybody real in this crazy site? - m4w



I been posting for months, looking for a real person, and there is not even one real girl than want a simple plain friendship, is like everyone want money or there is not one real girl, me I'm Spanish 40 Straight Male than is looking for a plain friendship is anyone available? Please be in the area so we can meet up, well let me know, legal age please, and don't forget your picture, thanks for reading and happy holidays to everyone!!!    


2nd Ave The Bean - Cute girl with bangs, black , red lipstick - m4w



Sat adjacent to you in the cramped coffeeshop today (Tues.). You did the solid of plugging in my computer charger. No good deed goes unnoticed. Would only be fair to buy you a drink. Coffee seems redundant. How about a cocktail?    


The unscratched itch - m4w



12 years ago (Around 2005)
I met you, But the timing was bad
So i buried it inside and never spoke of it but it 
stayed inside and never shrank instead grew more and more fervent.
its a strong emotion I have towards you that lives on despite
not seeing you or speaking with you. Its passionate and fervent.
It makes me feel alive when I am alone but it also hurts
that I can never hold you in an embrace and look into your eyes
that I wish I could see you and touch you and tell you....
But I think in spite of everything you know, I think in your deepest
places you know. We have moved on But I think you know
that I'd fallen for you from the moment I saw you on the fire escape
We downplayed it cause of my situation.    


NYSC steam room at around 3 (Tue 3rd) - m4m



We were in the steam room, and played with our own dicks, it got too hot in there, so we both left to the showers at the same time. Would like to dothis again, I get turned on thinking about it. Describe yourself so I know it's you.    


NYSC - 14th & 6th - Sauna Interrupted - m4m



To the guy with black hair in his mid-30's and red shorts who was in the Sauna with me today (around 3:15), hit me up if you're on here. We kept getting interrupted and you were hot as hell. Hopefully you know who you are. I was the jock next to ya. You were putting on dress socks when I was leaving.



Iceland New Years Eve - m4m



This is a long shot, but met you in Iceland on new years eve and new years day.
I am Canadian.
You were a hot phillipino I beleave.
We had a bit of fun. Would like you to contact me
to meet when I am in NY.
Tell me where we met so I know its you.
Or pic




curvy, pretty blond on underhill - m4w



Sometimes I see you in the morning when we are both getting into our cars, or just in passing. You might live near Sterling. I guess this isn't to connect, because you might be in a relationship. No disrespect intended. Just wanted to give you a compliment on your appearance and shape.    


Beautiful blonde at potbellys - m4w



You have blonde hair and have your nose pierced and were wearing black leggings. You ordered in front of me then sat at a table. I walked out and we looked at each other.    


Beautiful blonde in potbellys - m4w



You had on black leggings and had blonde hair with your nose pierced. You ordered in front of me and sat down at a table and I walked out after ordering    


Little Mexican Cafe - m4w



I was waiting for take out, you were in the dining area sitting with a guy.  Everytime I looked up from my phone you were looking.  When I was walking out we both looked at each other.
This was on Monday.  Describe me so I know it's you.    


Blonde Host-Goddess at 202 Diner - m4w



You are the gorgeous hostess at the 202 Diner, and you have the most amazing ass I've ever seen. I know I sound crazy but I just want to spoil you and make you my queen. If you are up for some discreet fun and wish to be spontaneous you should reach out. Hope to hear from you...    


lets hang weekly swm + swm 19 +



looking for a swm only ,that would like to hang one on one as a freind with needs .clean with everything , drama free gay only .top bottom ...makes sex last . lets talk and we can see ????. long sessions please be shaved and cut shy ok.body rubs .COLLEGE SWM OK.NO DRUGS ,SMOKE .NICE LOAD A PLUS....IF NOT WEEKLY PLEASE DONT BOTHER .i live in ridgewood ,I am italian.    


frum buchor? - m4m



Are u a chassidish bucher 19-20's or a young yingerman, I know I love seeing u in mikve trying not to get hard when u see what I have to offer, then a whole day u go around thinking how it would feel if we had some fun...    send me the sedre of d week in the subject line and a pic of your beautiful...   will make it happen..    


To Esther: My Dearly Departed.



I've been high for days. I lost count how many days straight I smoked. I cut the drinking, never liked it much anyway and all it did was make me think more of you. Everything has been feeling so good, like the old days I told you about. I never want to come back down:


 ". . .. . ..I miss being home alone during the summer break. . .. . ."

". . .. . ...I miss coming home after school, throw my backpack onto the couch, turn the computer on, listen to some music, and then get lost in a daydream. . ..."

". . ...I miss sneaking out of the house on a late weekend night because it was the cool thing to do. . .. . ."

". . ...I miss playing sports with the neighborhood kids. . .."

". . ...I miss looking out my window, waiting for mom to come home because I hated being around my dad. . ..."

". . .. . .I miss coming home and lunch/dinner was already made. . ..."

There's a whole lot of shit that I miss. Lol, lately I've been smokin' out in my backyard, which I never really did much of when I was younger because of the blunt rides. I'd sneak back into my house afterward, like I was in the special ops, or a robber, or someone who locked himself out of his house. I'd tip-toe into the room, making extra sure that mom didn't hear the back door close. 

*Door closes silently*

"I'm in! I made it!" 

Then I'd spray some air freshener onto my jacket because I don't like wearing cologne, and spread it all over with my sleeve. I'd pop the Visine in, because blood-shot eyes are always the giveaway. The best part is pigging out and getting lost in something, with no sense of time or awareness to know what the hell else you're supposed to be doing. 

But this all has to end one day, "we have to grow up." I know. That's what I loved about you, the way I can act like a kid, be young again. It wasn't your youthful appearance back then that drew me in. We're not that much older than each other. It was. . .. . ..

Something greater than I'll never understand, wrap my head around. It's something more than you knew too, I'm sure. That's where the trouble was. What do we do when one person isn't happy but the other is? What do we do when one of us progresses and the other hasn't? What do we do if the flame goes out? 

It happens all of the time to people, especially in this generation, so it seems. I didn't want that to happen to us, finding myself getting stuck on someone else. I did that anyway, for reasons I said before. I guess my problem is that I look into the past, too far into the future to notice what was right in front of me. 

". . .. . .fuck and forget. . .. . ."

You did the fucking alright, (no sexual innuendo here.) And for a while I thought you forgot, much like I do whenever I can. 

I saw you last night, oh I saw last night. Although the moonlight wasn't shinning on you like over the summer, our brightly lit street made sure it did. You looked finer than before, the same girl that made my heart drop to the floor, caused time to stop. I could still see you standing there, so slim and tender, so thin and frail, makes you want to take a bite. And if I could take a bite with my rotten teeth, I'd turn you into ash. 

There I was, watching you look back at me and I couldn't tell if your hatred of me remained. I turned my back, stared off into something else. I took a drag from the cigarette and told myself, cracking another one of those half-way smiles of mine, 

"She didn't forget. She wouldn't be sitting in her car at 6 in the morning."

I wanted to say something like, save that seat for me, but like I once told you: Don't wait for me. I have my own set of problems, none to do with you. It's the type of problems I'm not sure anyone would stick around for, the type of problems only I can solve. There's no guarantee it'll work out. I truly believe luck is what shapes our lives, what ultimately dictates your fate. Sometimes, I feel like I am running out of luck. 

I think I am home now, E. I took another walk into the woods, found my place in the world--far and away from everything. I like it here. Here is where people don't vanish from your arms, turn to dust. Here is where you can take a bite from her neck and she won't bleed, 

"Fuck!"

"What did I do!?"  



Here is where solitude rests on weeping willow trees, 
Where sadness is ever more maddening. 
Here is where loneliness becomes your only friend. 
Here is where the sweet surrender to it 
Becomes welcoming, inviting. 
Here is where my Darkness follows.
And here is where we buried our memories: 
My Dearly Departed.  



I've been listening to this song a lot. It put things into perspective, how you love someone but know you'll be bad for them. It's not easy to admit. We want to believe we're the best thing to happen for someone. I won't fall for that trap again, because I know that I can't keep up with what relationships demand. This isn't someone calling for help, "Save me, save me!" This isn't someone looking for. . ... whatever. 

This is simply someone who understands, that sometimes it's better to bury something you love, and hopefully dig it back out later. 



youtu.be/vCdQuZzjtFY



cant save us now - m4w



I saw you as you rode on by
Start to talk as we wait at the light
We hit it off and then rode off into the night

You flashed at me the cutest smile
Then dipped right, waved and said good night
And just like that you disappeared out of sight


By now you could be anywhere
I pass our spot but never see you there
I cant forget that wind blow through your hair

I shouldve got your digits down
Because since then Ive not seen you around
And Craigslist missed connections cant save us now    


Fingered you in movie theater near Union square - m4w



Was awhile ago, met at Barnes & Noble where you flashed me your pussy, you had no panties.  Walked up the street to movie theater, sat in the back where I fondled your tits and fingered your pussy, you sucked your pussy juice off my fingers.  Rubbed my wet fingers on your hard nipples.  Fingered you til you came, then your stroked my cock til I came in your hand.  Then we left, hot time between strangers.  Thanks!  Should do it again ;)    


The two random people I said hi to on New Years just after midnight - m4w



Me: 5'6" white male walking towards Washington square. I was wearing a black jacket at the time with a grey sweater. 

You (both): I wished you both a happy new year, you were both foreigners which I was impressed by. I asked a random picture of your lady friend and I had a conversation with her and she mentioned she was from India which I thought was cool! 

If by the off chance you guys come across this and recognize that part of the night I really would love to connect and see what I can do about getting my foot in the door in NYC! It's people like you that make this city so amazing! Hope to hear back from you!    


Monday 7:30 PM Key Food Market 91st and 2nd Ave we talked about London - m4w



We stood on line together. You had a Marshall's shopping back for your groceries. Your bag had all these images of England on it. I made a joke that I was going to ask if you had been to England and then said I suppose not when I saw the Marshall's logo. You chuckled and told me how you would love to go sometime. I mentioned that I had "been there just this past June" and I told you a bit about my impressions of the city. You said you heard similar things about London. There was a pause and a brief acknowledgement of a goodbye. 

At  this point you were about to leave. I was stuck with the cashier and my groceries preventing me to pursue the conversation any further. I wanted to have a chance to ask for your number and to meet for coffee but after I checked out you were long gone in the drizzly darkness of last night.

A shot in the dark that you'll read this...but we were both in work out gear and I was dressed all in black including my hat and glasses. You had a hat a slouch type hat on with straight ashy blonde hair and blue eyes. You had a small cast on your index finger as well. I have been thinking about our conversation ever since. If this sounds like you and you believe in second chances I hope you'll reach out, I'd love to hear from you.



Graham Ave 1/2 Polynesian tattoos - w4m



You were the most attractive man I have ever seen. Amazing tattoos..... perhaps a drink??    


gorgeous asian lady you are in a mini skirt and black stockings today - m4w



you was on the f train going deeper into queens i gave you my number and you talked about how you had to study for certification want to be friends with you please hit me back    


Embarrassing in Steam room - m4m



There were four of us in the steam room at NYSC and you started fingering me in front of the other guys. Felt so good I got into it. After I came when you pulled out I farted. I was so embarrassed. I'm really sorry, dudes. That's never happened to me before    


Uptown 1 train around 9 today - m4m



I got on at Houston street and sat down next to you at the next stop. Our legs were noticeably touching, almost pressing into each other a bit. 

I thought you were really handsome and I know you'll probably never read this, but let's have a drink or coffee. I'm a few years younger than you but not by as much as you would think.

I smiled at you when you got off the train, tell me which station it was if you think this was you..    


I'm your first male patient - t4m



You seemed a bit flustered after our conversation, the way you dropped those cards.  How I didn't bother to watch you pick them up.  I'd love to have you as a friend, since I consider you the person who pulled the trigger on the starter pistol that made me commence the change I needed to become myself.

39, close to the age of perfection. . .  I wasn't joking about that part.  I believe select men are like wine, they get better with age, and you my handsome doctor are one of them.  Maybe I have daddy issues, but let's be frank, I always had a man crush on you.  Yes, I know you're getting your situation together, and if I recall correctly still have a girlfriend.  I truly do hope that's working out for you, but if it doesn't and you'd like to explore something different you know my number. Or just email me at this burner email or my real one, my full name (no spaces) at yahoo of course, I keep things simple.

Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls.
The most massive characters are seared with scars. 
Khalil Gibran

Don't let one thing define you, you're more than a kidney stone. :)    


We were just supposed to jerk off - m4m



Happened couple summers ago, I was drunk, wife was away and I responded to your ad to jerk off, stroke.  Late at night went to your place, you were a blue collar guy, rough hands I remember.  We stroked to porn on your laptop, then you reached over and stroked me so I did the same to you.  Your cock was bigger than mine, and thick, wow.  I was going to cum but you weren't ready so you got up, walked around the couch and put your cock inches from my face.  Stunned, I closed my eyes and opened my mouth.  You slid your big cock in my mouth.  Never done that before, you could probably tell.  Still think about that    


mannys wine bar - m4w



You're the gorgeous cashier there. I've seen you several times and I'd like to meet you.    


Frum Dom seeking Frum Sub F Online - m4w



Frum married dominant male is looking for another Frum (could be married) woman for chat and play online (not looking to cause problems). If you are interested in the same reach out to me and lets chat and see where things go.
Very Open minded here.
When you email please put "frum sub" in the title so I know you are real.



Theatre District Restaurant - m4w



We were at adjoining tables at dinner three weeks ago on Saturday night.  My spouse and I were with another couple and you and your husband were dining with others too.  You have shoulder length blonde hair and we made eye contact several times.



Buying Coffee This Morning - m4w



Attractive blonde buying her coffee this morning on Madison Avenue.  The exchange of glances and smiles was quick but hopefully the attraction is deep.  Potentially discreet fun?   Let me know the name of the store in your reply.    


Lunch on Madison Avenue - m4w



Week before last we were at adjoining tables.  Not sure if the gentleman you were with was a business associate, husband, boyfriend, or what.  But we could have fun in any event.  Let's start with drinks or lunch?  Put the name of the restaurant in your reply. 




Charity Dinner - m4w



At charity reception last month, we had a hard time not staring too much to be noticeable to our partners.  Hope you are interested.  Put name of event in your reply.




URGENT: My "wife" conned me -- now broke - m4w



I can't believe this is happening. . . seriously PLEASE read. I was coming home from work and stopped at the ATM -- insufficient funds. Weird, but not too crazy. Thought it was maybe a glitch? I obviously called the bank to see what was happening and my worst nightmare was confirmed: my wife cleared out every account we shared--every last penny. Our whole marriage was a LIE. I KNOW this sounds crazy, but it's true and I cannot believe it. We met 6 months ago and got married 5 weeks ago. Everything has been a fairytale. . . I never expected this. I am in shock. 

I need to find her. . . It's not just about money at this point, it's about answers. This is my only hope because she's blackmailing me from going to the police. 

I'm worried she's conned before and will again. I'm desperate for any and all answers at this point. Please let me know if this has happened to you, or if you have any means to help. Responding to the email here is the best way to reach me. You can also follow my search here: findmrsezrabloom dot com. Please read and pass along -- ANY info will help.



sat next to you and your friends at msg last wednesday night - m4w



i know this is totally random and a long shot and potentially creepy haha, but i traded my ticket with your friend and ended up sitting next to you guys at the show in section 106. you guys were from philly and i was impressed that you remembered my name at setbreak.  anyway, i thought you were cute and felt it was too bad i didnt get your contact or anything even though i dont really know where that would go anyway haha. that's all. i do remember your name by the way i just think that would make the ad even creepier    


Dominick - m4m



Dominick, you've served me on several occasions.  I think you're really sharp and sexy.  Now I want to serve you however you'd like to be served.    


Joel,  I hope it rains hard again, soon - m4m



Joel,  I had fun the last time it rained hard.  I hope it rains really hard again really soon.    


Heavyset, married man - m4m



Monday, 11/28, your the heavy-set, hairy man, with a beard, and a wedding ring who I sucked.  You offered me your clean, sweaty ass, and I fingered it. (The aroma lingered for several hours.  I loved it.)  I took your load, and loved it too.  You drove a black pick-up.  I want you again.  I'll pay for a motel if needed.    


You changed my power module Tuesday - m4m



Tuesday (12/13) afternoon you changed my power module, and left a tool behind.  About an hour later you came to my office asking to go look for it.  You found it.

Tell me what you left behind.

If you want to connect, I'm interested.    


same hotel, same ferry - w4m



We stayed at the same hotel, and I saw you at breakfast and when i was leaving yesterday morning. I then noticed we were on the same ferry, twice. I doubt you will see this, but i wanted to talk to you - but you were busy with (i'm guessing) your two boys. you had what looked like a class ring on your finger. if you're interested, feel free to reply.    


Short Hills Mall Cheesecake Factory - m4w



Your a server that was working monday night
female with dark hair and eyes might be Spanish
you helped me and i made you laugh
what was the joke....i want to speak to you....



call it off - m4w



Rescind your complaint.  I've done enough to try show you my Love is true.  I don't need anything other than me though.  If you're that big of a headcase, I will go it alone.  Call off your dogs.  All I ever did was try Love you.  I have feelings too, you know.  I am happy where I'm at.  I don't wish to return to Manhattan to deal with any more bullshit.




Looking for dee - m4w



Im looking for di from the westerleigh area. We hung out a few times a while back with a friend of mine. Long shot here but seeing if i find you if you would want to get together and hang out. Let me know its you by telling me what we did when we hung out - A    


"like a ballerina" - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

........................................................................................................................................................................    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I miss you.

R.

............................................................................................................    


Tall redhead looking for blonde from millers ale house - m4w



Hey you had a blonde pony tale 20s very pretty tan sweater w shoulders cut out. 

 I was working Monday Jan 2 and me made some significant eye contact. Wanted to ask for your number but my boss was talking to me by door as you left. 
Tell me what my job was that night or if you remember.    


Glow







We need mind space and 
room space and 
space

to grow where dreams 
still flow
and

circulate in a breath
of fresh
air
















mindgallery . twitter



Cute girl from Ecuador from jj - m4w



L4 cute girl from Ecuador that took 2015 boxing class at jj. I liked you a lot but never got the chance nor courage to say it.    


Vyvanse Side Effects - w4m



I am out of my medication. Perhaps someone can help me. 

I generally experience the following side effects when taking Vyvanse:
1. Uncontrollable interest in kink and female domination. 
2. Strong yearning for meeting submissive men who are docile, capable of completing assigned tasks, and ABLE TO MEET WITHIN 24 HOURS OF INITIAL CONTACT. 
3. Intense desire for total satisfaction in all forms.    


Cute guy in glasses at Brandy's Piano Bar on NYE - w4m



You were with a female friend at Brandy's Piano Bar on NYE and you complimented me on my eyes but I was dealing with a drunken older male friend I had to usher home and barely acknowledged you, though I wanted to.    


NYE Times Square-Asian girl on TV with hat - m4w



You were with your 2 friends at the NYE event at Times Square. You were all over the tv on CNN. You're the one in the middle. You are soooo HOT! Please write back and allow me to win you over.    


Let's hook up - m4m



Was in Green Acres mall today for the first time in a long while.
Damn all the hot black dudes were all out.
I know some of you guys need a white daddy to be your bitch and take your BBC down my throat, maybe up my ass.
In Queens.
Horny as hell.
DDF looking for the same, no drama, just fuckin.
HMU and we can chat, swap pics, hook up.    


Nysc rego park  67th - m4w



I saw you again today around 1. Seems like everytime we see each other,  our eyes meet.  You were with a friend today and doing a killer leg workout...   I'm sporting a beard now. If this sounds like you... Message me with a pic!    


Cuffed pants at F train W 4th stop - m4w



you had cuffed black pants and colorful sneakers and I had glasses and a black coat, and we boarded the same subway car at like 11:00. you stayed on until Delancey and every time I looked up it felt like you were looking at me. didn't want to approach you since you easily could've been day dreaming.    


Regents week - m4w



Like a scratch of a needle, when I hear your footsteps. 
My emotions tremble as I sense you climbing into your seat behind me. 
Equations and English literature, phys-ed / living environment...
These are the only things we have in common.
But the though of your hand in mine,
Is something I hope Cupid can premiere this season.

-Oliver queen    


Blossoms blooming - m4w



Looking for Sugar Magnolia on AM. I ran out of credits so I couldn't pick up your last message. You sound like a fun loving girl I would like to get to know for some hot times. Women only please.    


7 day poll choose - m4w



you miss the  spirit of the question(given all I see and here around me; how two ppl over time no longer really "see" one another, the few that find that magic that endures over time, expands, this is anonymous, the perfect place not to b.s., what do others REALLY believe) Me? i'm stubborn and stupid, a "confirmed" bachelor, looking to be bound by only one thing, as time carries on, a quiet passion grows. I can't believe she exists I still think through  time and tears, my "sweetheart", who she is not what she is for "me'; just the miracle of her existence, her only flaw? she feels the same for me.

not when it's new and shiny, but aged like wine and convinced with time, how many can choose the answer honestly I hoped they can.not settled for, gave into or gave up on.....finding devoted to each other?    


NYSC FOREST HILLS - m4m



We met in the dry sauna earlier this afternoon, we had a little chat about places that we like to visit.

I would think it would be cool to meet up again. 

answer these questions, then I know that is you. 
1- Tell me which gym that you normally go.
2- Which country that I was from. 




Looking for the guys that used to follow my snapchat - w4m



I used to have a lot of fun with guys on snapchat that I met through Craigslist, but yesterday my account was deleted, looking to reconnect with those guys. Here is my new account, my snap keeps getting deleted, so I started a blog instead. 

phantomness8 on tumblr    


talking to you in another conversation in the other room - w4m



an honesty without humor would exist 
what is that--
love?
what is that love



************
**************
**********************
***********************
***************
**************
********



For you - m4w



Good Night Precious

............................................................................................................    


Foot massage in Forest Hills - m4m



I know this is a long shot but I am looking for a man who I gave a foot massage to several (6) years ago. I was in college, just 20 at the time. You said you were 40 at the time. We met at the Forest Hills-71st and Continental stop. You took me to dinner and then we went to your apartment when your fellow roommates were not around. You laid on the couch while and watched a movie (I think via netflix) while I serviced your feet.

If you are reading this, please email me!
I haven't forgotten you and would love to reconnect
This is Marv.    


Parker - Toronto > East Village - w4m



Lovers of Today, impromptu slow dance, a lot of beard.  wanted you to have my number.    


ANR relationship - w4m



Female here for adult breastfeeding relationship only. In Manhattan only during the day. Must be able to host in Manhattan.    


Breathing Like A Spaceman






Artist a particular breed 
of pain pleasure 
and 

treasure

who create vacuums
of memory on
display

and

whether a heart
goes out at
84

or 60 or 53 
it's still a
heart

full of
memory









mindgallery . twitter    


choose one - m4w



lucky to have me
  lucky to have you 
   lucky to have each other...............................................................................................    


Konditori Manhattan Blvd around 4/5 - m4w



You were leaving just as I got there. We said hi but honestly I was knocked out by you.

If I hadn't been waiting for my friend I would have said something.

You were so pretty. I'm single (been single almost 3 years), date?    


looking for mike d - m4m



long shot but looking for mike d. we chatted years ago and never got the chance to get together. you were hot. scruffy brown hair, tall, nice lips.    


George the Plumber - m4m



This is such a long shot but here goes. You have been doing some plumbing work at my house for the last three weeks. You are a hot, hunky straight spanish guy who has a gf and kids. This afternoon before you left I offered you a beer. You had asked me if there was anything else that you could do. I so wanted to say, pull down your hot jeans and let me drain your cock with my hot mouth. As you were drinking you put your hand in your jeans and it looked like you were touching your cock with your fingers. Maybe I am way out there, but that was such a turn on. I grabbed my cock thinking you would do the same if you did, I would have asked if I could blow your str8 cock. Damn, I just do not want to piss you off. I have to get the guts next week when you come back to instale my new vanity and toilet. I want to wait until you get all the work done. Just in case you get offended.  LOL, I can dream!    


cute boy at saw mill nysc - m4m



you're college aged, around 5'11, dirty blonde hair, was curious if you were into guys    


Nice Smile on L Train Monday around 6:30 - m4w



You gave me a very uplifting smile as I was getting off the L Train at Bedford. I appreciate it on a rainy evening! You made my night...    


What do you remember?



My tendency to remember everything can be a negative influence on my outlook. It can be something as simple like remembering a toy you owned as a child. It could also be as complicated as someone you used to care about. 

It's so easy to forget you now and pretend you dont exist. I do it because it's better that way sometimes. I have to remember we'll never be a part of each others lives because of our petty differences. When do we realize that what we had was special but it was also just a learning experience for the both of us? We made a lot of mistakes, we fought hard, but we didn't fight smart. It snowballed out of control but we didn't know any better. I wish we could talk like good friends who grew up together without having a conflict of interest. I always told you if we went our separate ways, that I wanted to keep you in my life. I know 4-5 years may seem like a long time with no communication but that was just time for us to grow up and mature. Maybe all this is just going to the void but I'd rather take my chances...Ive always been a risk taker and maybe that's how we ended up together. I knew the risks of getting with you and so did you. What we did was wrong to other people but most importantly ourselves. We cheated in a lot of aspects but let's try to do this the right way one last time.

I know you don't look at this section of CL or maybe CL at all but if you reach out. 

PS I also remember the good but missing you hurts more.

No fucking bots or cults reply    


Looking for Ruby, formerly of Cafe Royale - m4w



Does anyone remember Ruby who used to dance at the former Cafe Royale in Farmingdale?  She was Colombian, very curvy, long brown hair, and a very beautiful face.  If so, I would like to know where she is dancing now.    


Abe looking to reconnect to J - m4w



Hi J...  Its been 3 years and I cant forget, can we talk?
I know I let you down, but I'm really sorry and I'm confident that we can blossom together

Frum, Jewish here    


Faith - w4m



Miracle prayer. Say it for 3 days and then publish. Have faith.

Dear heart of Jesus in the past I have asked for many favors. This time I ask for a special one (mention here). Take it Dear Heart of Jesus and place it within your broken heart where Your Father sees it. Then, in His merciful eyes it will become Your favor not mine. Amen.    


Coca cola guy in shoprite - m4m



Shoprite on forest n richmond ave, i think your white or spanish you work restocking the shelves for coca cola u used to have a beard. I see you all the time i want to say something u look at me too so say something im blk n Spanish  dude dressed for work all of the time . Sobif this is you and your interested hit me back and lets go from there leave a number n a pic trust me im very discreet no out gay shit u just caught my interest    


Black Jacket Indian Girl - m4w



HI ,

We were smiling to each-other while having Dinner in Jackson Diner.

If you recognize and want to take it further email me saying what jacket i was wearied at that time.    


ALAN  Who works in Staples - m4m



You are HOTTTTT
e mail me would like to meet up with you

please no scamers

was in the store on 1/2/17 and you checked my purchase out and was so nice to me    


Is anybody real in this crazy site? - m4w



I been posting for months, looking for a real person, and there is not even one real girl than want a simple plain friendship, is like everyone want money or there is not one real girl, me I'm Spanish 40 Straight Male than is looking for a plain friendship is anyone available? Please be in the area so we can meet up, well let me know, legal age please, and don't forget your picture, thanks for reading and happy holidays to everyone!!!    


Is anybody real in this crazy site? - m4w



I been posting for months, looking for a real person, and there is not even one real girl than want a simple plain friendship, is like everyone want money or there is not one real girl, me I'm Spanish 40 Straight Male than is looking for a plain friendship is anyone available? Please be in the area so we can meet up, well let me know, legal age please, and don't forget your picture, thanks for reading and happy holidays to everyone!!!    


Hannah at Butcher's Daughter - New Year's Day - m4w



You took care of my wife and I for New Year's brunch, just wanted you to know how cute I thought you were and how much your smile brightened my day.  Hope you have a wonderful 2017!    


Cute Boy in Pink Hat went into Rainbow Shop on 8th Ave - m4m



Happen to see you walk into Rainbow Shop Thursday afternoon at 5:40pm. You had on very tight skinny jeans and I remember that bright pink wool hat. What did you find in there?    


Grounded Coffee on Jane St. - m4w



You have brown hair, large eyes, and today were wearing pants for yoga or some other form of movement.  You were having coffee with a friend and then she left and you got out your Macbook and began to work.

I was reading a book and I was wearing a burgundy shirt.  We made eye contact a few times and smiled.    I doubt you'll read this, but if you do maybe you'd like to have one more coffee this week.




You asked me the time (m101 bus) - m4w



A cute girl wearing an Eastman School of Music sweater got on the bus today and sat near me. I wanted to ask her what she plays, as I'm a musician too, but I got nervous and didn't. Then she turned to me and asked me the time. It was 12:01, and even though I know (or hope) she was probably asking me just to start a conversation, I still was too nervous to talk to her. 

I hope it's you and we can talk for real. If not, I hope I run into you on a bus again soon    


Looking for a retired NYU employee, called Albert! - w4m



I deleted my craiglist conversation with a retired man lives in Midtown East i want to rent a shared studio from starting February 16.
His name is Albert.
I promised him to messeage back about the details and he count on me! 
Please help me get contact with him!    


Equinox park ave afternoon - m4m



Hey man we connected this afternoon in the sauna. Hit me up if you want to talk again; let me know where I said I was from.    


Parm "Smile" - m4m



So there was a thread on here (that is now expired) that was looking for a guy that might have been me.

The post in question described something along the lines of a missed encounter about having a great smile, age listed 37.

I had a distinct experience working one day in the restaurant that describes something similar. You were sitting in a booth near the bar, with three other people. You might have been wearing checkered flannel. Something red? Scruff? I think.

As you were leaving I kept smiling at you, boldly. You conferred with the woman you were with as you were looking at me. As you left we both continued to smile at each other through the windows, missing the chance. I was hoping you'd come back.

Is it you? Is it me? Contact me. Let's find out.    


Michelle: last year, in New Milford, CT... - m4w



You were set up behind me at the Elephant's Trunk, on the opening day.

 We kept chatting, throughout the day, in between sales. I design & assemble furniture; among other things...

 What else did we talk about; so I know it's you...? I had a lot of interesting stuff;
 do you remember...?

 I remember you told me you loved cobalt blue....

 should've gotten your number;
 sorry I'm so standoffish
 ---it was just very surprising to me to meet such a cute girl,
 who'd actually be interested in me.

I'm pretty well aware that I'm not 'gorgeous' 
(it's not the years, it's the miles)
but apparently, YOU thought I was...!

I've gotten some unexpected emails.
So I'm sorry I have to say this, people;
but we're both white....    


Red / blonde hair in starbucks - m4w



We both caught each other looking at one another a few times. lol 
I'm attached so I felt weird to come over and and say hi..... 
You have reddish or blondish hair and very cute :)
U were wearing stripe shirt and sitting with a girl friend.... 

What was I wearing? Where was this?    


The au pair and milf - m4w



The au pair and milf Wow just wowwow.  It was too short a meeting 



Contact me
Please

Wow    


Ice princess - m4w



TO the beautiful hopefully single mom at the open skate today 1/2. I wish I could have stopped to talk with you today. I couldn't stop looking at you and I think it was mutual. Anyway, I know this is a long shot but if you happen to see this tell me what color hair you have and if you where with a son or daughter.
Sorry not good at this.    


Seeking connection with my 2 other bald daddies from Sunday bear party - m4m



Hottest kissing 
Play and nip work in years
Let me know if available for more
Bald daddy here that had to leave early    


Atrium Lunch in Brooklyn - m4w



You were sitting with coworkers.  I was sitting with some awesome friends.  Sending this message in a bottle out there.  Hopefully it finds you.    


SEEKING A GOTH WOMAN - m4w



I am seeking a goth woman with lots of tattoos who is very down to earth. If this sounds like you respond with a picture.    


Waitress in Keenes Steakhouse - m4w



She waited on our group last evening  in the main dining room......she was small in size .......young and soooo beautiful .......spectacular in presence....... to say the least I was smitten .....I observed what I perceived to be a wedding ring I inquired as to what her husband did she said he worked in IT.........my mind told me she was truthfull ......my heart hoped not......For the record I am much older but I needed to put it out here......if she is married her husband has something wonderful .......if not then please advise........me    


Bushwick NYE party.. - w4m



I met you while dancing ...maybe 7am..ish. you are French. You talked to my friend first. I grabbed you and kissed you a few times. I wanted more....but I had to leave. I put my # in your phone. Use it ;) I told you my name but I'm still not sure what you said yours was.    


Rock Rolla - w4m



I enjoyed kissing you and want to see you again. Why dont I have your #!? You are working today ...I said I wanted to take you home...I still do :)  Tell me where you work so I know it's you!    


UWS Equinox, Jan. 2 - m4m



Real long shot here, but what the hell. We were both working out at Equinox morning of Jan. 2, around 10-11. Spotted you and your tall massive body in the locker room headed to the showers and couldn't help but take a peek at your amazing chest. Wow. Mesmerized. I'm sure you noticed me looking. No idea if you ever like to fool around with guys, but I'd probably do just about anything to take care of your big, strong chest and shoulders and arms. You were wearing a bright green shirt while working out. I'm a white guy, lean, toned, fit.    


Edge in Danbury - m4m



I see you at the Edge in Danbury in the am every once in awhile.  You are tall and have salt and pepper hair.  I have seen you out once when you were bartending at a local restaurant with my family.  We say hello to each other but would like to get to know you better.  Let me know what restaurant you bartend at so that I know it is you.  Let me know if you feel a vibe as well.    


Guy carrying pizza on LES 12/30 - m4m



Walked passed you on LES during the day on Friday afternoon and we kept staring at each other. You were carrying a pizza and I was with my friend. I should have said hello.    


NYSC - we are in the suna and our looker we're in the same spot - m4m



Hey we were in the sunna you keep moving your towel. You had low cut hair with a beard salt-and-pepper    


Andrea lives in NYC but from Indiana - m4w



Seeking Andrea who lives in NYC area but is originally from Lafayette, Indiana. Met her while taking photos at Republican Convention last summer. Andrea is about 5'5, slim with dark hair, down to about her shoulders. She is witty and intelligent. I can't forget her. If you know an Andrea from Indiana that has to be she.    


Bottle king store - m4w



This is a long shot and don't think you will ever read this.  It was Friday evening we met in bottle king liquor shop.  We crossed each other and smiled.  I waiting you to check out so I can tell you how beautiful you looked.   

The smile and wave from your car was amazing as were looking back for me to come in the adjutant lane... I followed you but lost you on the road.

Tell me what you were wearing and my car.

Hoping and praying you read this    


Aldi Guy - m4m



Hey Sexy.
You work at Aldi near Target.
When we connected the sex was some of the best I ever had.
Sorry, I intended to call you but lost your #.
Hope you see this,  I'd  love to see you again.
You are HOT dude!



To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

............................................................................................................    


New Years Party - m4w



Met you and hubby but could tell you wanted someone and something else / extra.  Also picked ups your strong s traits.  Being an experienced D I know you picked up on mine.
Hope you are as unhappy as you appeared and occasionally browse CL.  Respond back with your initials in the subj.
S    


Uptown 4/5 4:30-ish New Years Day - m4m



You're Asian with a Patagonia jacket.You were with friends and I was solo.

I'd like to get a chance to say hi. Please tell me something so I know it's you.    


Blonde girl at dukes Sunday - m4w



Probably the least normal thing I've done posting this but I was with my parents in a booth and should have asked for your number to grab a drink and now regret it..we made brief eye contact a couple times while you were with several of your friends, you were the blonde facing towards the street. Not sure if any normal girl would check this but worth a shot I figured hah    


Southwest flight Dallas to LGA - m4m



I sat next to you school teacher) on the flight and you got a raging HARD ON during the flight. Send me a face pics and let's be fuck buddies. I want to make love to that big fat cock you have very soon.    


Patrick Michael Greene - m4m



We met on New Years Eve and had a great time in the bathroom of the Duane Reade. I love how classy you were. Let me know what we did and which one we did it in :)9    


Beautiful woman Times Square NYE - m4w



I walked past you on 46th street by the Marriott hotel. You were trying to get past the barricades. I walked toward the Marriott looking back catching your eyes.  I thought you were gorgeous.  Hope you read this. Let's grab coffee    


Esther.........



Don't think about me, if you still do. I had this funny feeling.......

Nah, never mind. It's a stupid thought. 

Lately, more and more each day, I'm feeling like things should just go back to what they were. I was going to say at a time when I didn't know you. It's too late for that now. I'll take the happiness you gave me and lock it up somewhere special. Maybe someday in the future, I'll show you what it looks like. 

I'm not mad at you, so don't ever think that. Take care, if we never talk again. 




To my daughter's Teacher - You are so beautiful! - m4w



To my daughter's' teacher.

Every time I see you, I want to hug and kiss you.  Of course it's a fantasy but I'm sure you can teach me and I can teach you a few things ;)




The Girl Singing 'Sorry' on 2 Up Train - m4w



The girl who sang 'Sorry' on a crowded Uptown 2 Train after New Years. Approx 12:30 in the night. You tried to get everyone to sing along with you. How nice! If you see this, please reach out, would love to hear you sing again.    


Got on my bus at 355 am... - m4m



Hey Omar u just got on bus b68 heading towards stillwell... you was going for a haircut and some food...so i know is u let me know where i picked u up and what food u told me u was going to buy...    


NYJacks on the 1st - m4m



There were four of us and we got into three very hot group sessions at the NY Jacks 1st Party. It was hot beyond belief and want to know if any of you want to meet up outside of Jacks?

Send a pic or give me your details.    


cute guy at Pete's Candy store-New Year's Eve - w4m



it was around 2 am last night (January 1, 2017) when me and my friend were leaving the live concert at pete's candy store. you and i kept staring at each other (you were the cute guy sitting at the big table by the window with your group of friends) and i couldn't convince my friend to stay in the bar for one more drink. unfortunately i had to leave and i didn't have the chance to meet you. i felt terrible about it and i kept looking back at you as we were leaving.. and whenever i looked back, we kept catching each other's glances. if you ever see this, please contact me :) i am the red, curly head who found you very cute :)    


Make friend and have fun - m4w



Hey  im new to this whole craigslist thing and kinda skeptical about it. I'm honestly here to find some new friends (females) or fwb, maybe a relationship down the line. Life is short I figure why not see what's out there. Age and size doesn't bother me just no one under 21. Just send me a  reply telling me about your self and picture and I'll get back to you. Till then....    


Miss Vegas, I miss you. - m4w



You are my memories.  I love you.  I want to marry you.  I want to get married in Hawaii.    


Dan From The Musket Room - w4m



Hi, we played pool at the Johnsons tonight and you're my neighbor! Let's play again?    


For the cop who kissed me at midnight - w4m




Would LOVE To do it again.  Send me your name or picture so I know it's you!  You were so hot!    


Thats right...shhh! - m4w



with a mop or money, it's still keeping house. don't worry bout here...it's a mess, fuck"i'll just have a salad", honey loosen your belt. I'll take care of the calories you need to burn, laugh too much her mascara runs, clothes on the floor, coffee cup left on the table, her hairs a mess, somehow even more beautiful than before, what a lovely fuckin mess. You do what you do best, keep your house in order, don't bother looking over here, it's a mess....she keeps a lover, a smile on her face    


To the one with the the - m4w



I think if I hitmyself in the head before I sleep is what would make us share dreams.Illstopsorry lmao    


Sophie On Omegle. Virtual Missed Connection -- - m4w



You're Sophie you're from Brooklyn, you're 19.  I'm Dave, 33 we met on Omegle answering a question about some guy asking how to prove he wasn't gay to his girlfriend. The conversation got very very interesting and fun.

The chance of this working is basically impossible but you never know. 




Cute cop New Year's Eve Times Square - w4m




We made eye contact a few times and you briefly spoke to me and my friend.  I got your last name.  I'd love to just hook up. Being with a cop has always been my fantasy. Send a face picture and your number.   Hope to find you.    


New Years Eve Dancer at BarChord - m4w
Mominette - Blue Eyes - m4w



You were with your three other friends and I with the large group next to you. I kept looking over at you, catching your eyes from time to time,wanting to say something..   When I saw you at the bar on my way out, I thought it was too late to say "hi," and of course now I am hitting myself. You will of course never see this and I will inevitably ask myself, "what if?" for years to come. 

You were the woman of my dreams.    


hot thick woman at Green Acres B J's wholesale club - m4w



You were shopping today Thursday 12/8/16 around 4pm. 
You had long braided hair, camouflage tight knit pants, beige short sweater over a white shirt. 
You have a great body my friend. I will be fantasizing about you for quite awhile. You were also very pretty. Thick sexy bottom with a nice tight waist, great hips and beautiful face. 
What a combination!! 
You were on the phone the whole time you were in the store. Which I'm figuring you do for a reason. It most likely keeps the guys from approaching you. It worked on me, cause I at least wanted to compliment you on your looks. Anyway I snuck a smile to you while we were in line, you smiled back, a little! Lol!! 
Would love to hear from you.    


Dunkin donuts today in bedford ave williamsburg - m4w



You are beautiful, young, black girl you came to dunkin d aroun 4 pm with two friends. Im white guy sitting next to you.    


re: you probably won't see this - m4w



To the people who emailed, I admire your certainty but I don't know who you are. I won't be responding to replies, but I'm leaving the post until it expires. It feels good to say aloud.
Happy new year    


MCI-LGA - m4m



KC to NYC. U 4A me 3A. You had an iBot and nice sneakers. Ur cute. Thought you were straight at first, but maybe not.    


special k - m4w



I here these old love songs in Dunkin and feel so sick.  I'm like now just so happy to be me.  How could u do that to me.  You fucking inconsiderate jerk.  I worry and worry and its overwhelming and for what.   I really hope your ok because i never was like all your other friends i don't give a Fuck.  Yea im needy and broke but i would never sell u out fuck u.  Oh my God i am traumatized by u.  Anyways merry Christmas happy new year and please take care.    


We chatted around noon in the steamroom - m4m



I've seen you at the gym a few times -- sometimes with your boyfriend.

I won't say which one here to keep some privacy in tact but it's an Equinox somewhere below Houston.

You were there today solo and we chatted in the steamroom -- and then after when I was getting dressed and you had just gotten out of the shower.

Would love to connect outside of the gym.

Tell me what we talked about after our showers / send a pic so I know it's you.    


Milton. Uber driver - m4m



You picked me up from rumba cubana. I sat in the passenger's seat. Thought you were very cute. Hope you see this. Tale care.    


Employee at Fayrooz Hookah bar Astoria - m4m



This was last week--I was there with a friend and i kept looking at you. When you'd pass by my table you'd give a smile and kept it moving. Asked me how i was doing twice. You were also surrounded with your buddies who work there so maybe we could chat somewhere else. You were wearing a blue polo shirt. Im latino. I danced at the end as I was exiting. Hope you see this.    


Seeking Lauren at the diamond on new years - m4w



We had a cigarette together during the night . I chatted with you at the end when we were all
outside. I wanted to ask for your number but your friend took you and your cute dog away before
I had a chance.  I was the blond guy with glasses.    


Miss talking to you Jaquan - w4m



You lived in Bk and I lived in the Bronx at the time. We would talk for hours on AOL instant messenger. You will probably never get this but I figured I would give it a shot. Your s/n was Jballerfolife15. I miss our talks and I still think about you even after all this time. I don't know what your situation is now but I would love to hear from you. 

xoxo,
P    


Uptown A around 5pm - m4m



I made eye contact with you a few times on the uptown A this evening. You were tall, had a nice beard, and I got off on 168th. Would love to catch up. Let me know what color jacket I was wearing.    


House of Yes, New Year's Day, 4:00-ish - m4w



You! Blonde bob, black skirt, best dancer in the room..please understand that my shyness has disguised a rare interest..know this yoga-minded layabout is I'm guessing, your manner of man..a friend indeed..or at least your dance partner in waiting. We are extraordinary togehter if you'd please overcome my shyness and reply..Christopher    


Court Square- 7 Train - m4w



We rode the 7 today..
you got off at Court Square
dressed in black, wavy blonde hair, listening to ipod
sorry, but you were stunning!    


Next to each other at Phish 12/30 - m4w



You sat next to me at Phish 12/30. We talked all throughout the first set. It was your first show and you were by yourself. I got you a bottle of water during break and you went to go find your friends two sections over but I didn't see you again.    


Alexandra - Dorrian's - New Years Eve - m4w



I know this all sounds super Dorrian's-cliche and this is a real long shot but here it goes. 

I met you rather swiftly and briefly at Dorrian's at about 3am last night, and we parted ways equally abruptly. You were wearing a (black?) dress and tights. I was the 32-y/o tall blonde guy in khakis and a navy quarter-zip sweater. You introduced yourself as Alexandra and said you were 36 (but looked younger). You were complaining about your younger sister and said she had something that belonged to you. I think you said you recently moved back to the city, but I'm not sure where you moved from. After briefly chatting, we made out and then your friend interrupted us, and then I had to leave. I thought you were really hot, fun, and interesting and would love to see you again. Provide a couple of the obvious details I've omitted in this story so I know it's you.

Happy New Year!    


Equinox Columbus Circle- Rosy cheeks. Green shirt - m4m



I've seen you at the gym plenty of times,, I feel like you look back at me but I'm horrible at reading people. You have the rosiest cheeks. Today you had on a green shirt and we definitely made eye contact when you were on the treadmill. I want to know you. Hope you message me.    


Much needed release - m4t



Looking for a sexy ts for some fun tonight , I'm a good looking guy in his late 20s virgin , looking for a bottom or vers to try something new this year .. I have more pix to trade so let's get this going .. good looking ts only pleas .    


April on the F train - m4w



I wished you got off the train with me the night kept going forever and you were the right person to enjoy it with.
(Yes you, with the lepord cost  and the friend that wanted to get off to 42nd st)    


Next to each other at phish show - w4m



We sat next to each other for phish at msg on December 29, 2016. You tried to kiss me but I was shy. I'm from Boston, you from a small town near by. Obviously there's such a slim chance you'll see this, but if you do let's retry that kiss. You were cute and obviously have good taste in music. send me your section and seat number in any response!    


Times Square New Years Eve : Looking for the blond hair/blue eyed guy - w4m



Hey.

So I was in Times Square with my mom and sis when I saw a gorgeous guy with short blond hair and blue eyes. He had a crease on his forehead which was cute. I'm positive he went there alone and he had his headphones in his ears a lot of the time. I remember he was wearing a blue jacket and light wash jeans (don't mean to sound creepy). He was also on the average side in terms of body type, but I can't say for sure because he was wearing that puffy coat. He was I'd say two or three inches taller than me [I'm 5'2 with dark brown hair and brown eyes, with memorable black hipster/nerd glasses :)] He was also watching a video on his phone and was sitting down a couple times.

He was behind me most of the time but I didn't have the guts to say hi so this is basically my last stand here guys. I know there are a bajillion blonde haired blue eyed guys in New York City so this is my one in a bajillion shot to see if I can find him. This is my first time using craigslist so I'm crossing my fingers that it'll be a good intro to this site and to 2017!

Shyingly yours (yes I made that word up)
- Joanna    


Walking Your Dog - m4w



Walking your dog yesterday on Second and 73rd or 74th.  Attractive lady and talking on cell phone or I would have chatted you up.    


LaGuardia - m4w



This morning, saw you first as we were both getting out of our cabs at the curb and then again as we checked in at the kiosks, but you were always one step ahead of me.  You had shoulder length hair with a bit of wavy curl, about 50 years old, and wearing long top coat that was unbuttoned.  Road fun?  Or here in NYC fun?  




To the guy in E/W medicine who dropped off a mini bluetooth speaker - w4mw



I had misplaced your contact info when clearing out my inbox and when my phone crashed
I lost some contacts in a backup. I believe that I had mentioned that the speaker was being
used as a temporary and wouldn't be needed once the PC's speakers were corrected or replaced.

I don't really have any use for it; if you do, I'd be happy to arrange to return it.

Since I used the word borrowed or temporary, and it's not clear whether it had been intended as a gift, 
it seems fair to at least make the attempt to return it.

We lost contact because we each had so much on our plates that schedules made it difficult to followup. 
I then had to spend time out of NYC again and catch up once I returned. 

When we had last communicated you were studying at a college for Oriental medicine 
and holistic health in the Financial District and working at a spa in Garden City. 

I hope you are well. 

Happy New Year.    


Equinox Sports Club W67th today at 3:00 - m4m



Hey man- we both just left equinox on 67th around 3:20 today. We were in the steam a few different times together and it seemed like you were tryin to show off. You're a huge dude. We left at the same time and took the elevator together. We were both wearing hats. You had on shorts and walked south on Columbus. Hit me up dude. Masc and discreet here. Down for whatever    


Wrong uber/cab on East 31 - m4w



you thought my Prious  was your cab, i invited you come along, you declined, and went on with your friends    


Shy girl at Johnny Utah NYE - m4w



It was right before midnight you were standing in front of me with your friends. I raised my chin as we locked eyes,  you smiled and looked away.
You have beautiful black hair and were wearing a black see though top    


Equinox Gramercy steam room - m4m



There was some crazy sexual tension in the steam room around 3pm. Neither one of us was making any obvious moves but it was clear.... Im not really into the locker room stuff but you were hot and had a very nice package which you were not shy about showing off. I was so tempted to just grab it... Anyway if you're interested in meeting up sometime outside the gym let me know. I asked you what location you usually go to - let me know what you said when you reply.    


You gave me a code 18 New Years - m4m



Hey partner. You gave me that ride and can't stop thinking about you. Any chance your up for some fun. You seemed curious about what a partner was. We both wouldn't mind a good time with you. Tell me where I work so I know it's u    


For Gabrielle - m4w



Your boyfriend had an appetite for fighting last night.

Throughout his antics, you remained as poised as you are beautiful.

I hope you find this.

Please reply and tell me where we were last night.    


FTC on NYE - m4m



Felt like you were hitting on me at the bar upstairs. what did I tell you I was drinking    


Equinox Gramercy Tribe member - m4m



Hey discreet here, guessing you are too, thought there might be a connection, tribe member here too, Israeli, both had beards, let me know...
This was New Year's Day around 1pm    


Princess of Sweden - m4w



Your Scottish prince is still looking for you.

I know I'm "too much" but seriously, you need to get away "with" me. 



Axel - m4m



Saw you leaving the showers one morning this past week. Haven't seen you since you finger fucked me like a pro in front of a bunch of dudes in the sauna a few months ago. Was disappointed that you didn't have time to hang out. Last time you have me an intense orgasm and gave a master class in finger fucking to all the men observing.    


Frank - m4m



Saw you in the morning last week at NYSC. We have seen each other before, and introduced ourselves then, both verbally and physically. Was crowded when I saw you this morning. Pretty sure you recognized me. Let me know more or know my name if you remember. Seems unlikely you'll see this, but I just wanted to connect. Nothing serious.    


algun pasivo caliente vivo solo - m4m



algun pasivo  discreto  tengo lugar pekeno pero discreto busco lo mismo  mexico 37  buco alguen caliente    


busco pasivo o versatil caliente - m4m



busco pasivo o versatil k la tenga pekenia  yo mas  activo caliente  tengo cuarto  pekeno discreto en queens puedo por las  tardes  manda  inf  busco discresion yo mexico 37  busco similar    


JRAD 12/31 Aimiee or Amy? - m4w



Amy the English teacher ... Missed meeting up again New Year's Eve... Would like to meet again :) John the teacher...    


Help me - m4ww



I am Looking for someone real please get back to me I want to give a gift a New Years kiss to someone I can 
I can drive    


Lucky Strike, new years eve - m4w



We were talking towards midnight.  I thought we connected well.  Then when the ball counted down to zero I tried to kiss you..... my familiar tradition, but not yours.  Pretty awkward.  You said you were shy.  I was embarrassed and bailed, I later thought rudely.  

You seemed like a good person, and I'd like to make up for it over lunch, a drink, or whatever.....






Kazak Gal - m4w



First. I love you. You are a very smart young woman. Second. I might as well be 99 to your 16 and that's why I didn't ask to come up stairs with you. You are beautiful and were my last ride of the evening.    


Tall lady with friends in 2am staten island ferry on new year night - m4w



U were with ur two other friends and may be they were pushing u to talk to me but u were shy even was i. And i was with my brother and we were sitting opposite each other. If anyone of u see this message tell her to contact me.    


Got a problem



Got a problem?
Odds against you?
Victim of Revenge Porn?
I can help... Write me
And I'll see what I can do for you..



Happy New Year! - m4w



I thought of texting you "Happy New Year!"  but there's no mystery in that. I sent you the lovely card in plenty of time hoping I would receive one from you; anything with your name signed would have meant so much to me. I hope you removed the ornament & will keep it with your other Christmas decorations & think of me as you hang it on your tree next year.  

Have a happy and healthy 2017!    


To the girl at the New Museum - m4w



You and a friend were exploring and lounging around the Pipilotti Rist exhibit. You have short hair that was in a wrap, beautiful deep eyes, and were wearing a striped shirt. I was the guy in the black poindexter suit. We shared a bed looking at the ceiling morph shapes on the 4th floor. Sorry I was to sheepish to say hi then, but would love to say hi now.    


Sexy black lady on 2 train this morning - m4w



The sexy black thick lady that had on the fur hat You was sitting next to me I think you got off on 110st you had your music playing wanted to get your number not sure if you see this hope you do    


NYSC Whitestone - m4m



I see some good looking guys there, a few I've exchanged eyes with. If this is you let me know maybe we can spark something up, we can keep it casual and discreet of couse. 



Brazen fox New Year's Eve - m4m



Long shot but we talked about how we kept bumping into each other since we were next to each other all night and you had a huge fight with your girlfriend you were tall dark hair blue eyes if you see this hit me up and let me know what shots we talked about doing and let's chill.. def felt a vibe from you    


Ave M on the Q train an hour ago! - m4w



I was walking downstairs from the Ave M stop and I held the door for you. I had on a grey sweater you were gorgeous I didn't really feel like we locked eyes but I felt something there. If this is you and you do t3o4o7 te24xt1 me beaut49ifu49l.    


Dan from Rye - m4m



Dan,
You used to blow me a lot at the Danbury Park and ride. I still remember my big dick cumming all over your face and injecting my sperm deep in your mouth. Last thing I remember you were moving to Rye. I'd like try and get back with you if you see this. Tell me what type of truck I had.
Chris    


Thick BF on street - m4w



Saw you on 7ave. You smiled at me as we crossed paths. We both turned to look twice. You are what i like in a woman . Big booty, big hips, pretty face. I'm hopin you see this ad.    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Morning Precious,

M,

I wish there was a word, in any language, which could express, with the genuineness of a thought, of how I feel for you.

But, such is the perverse nature of language.

Until then, I'll continue to say......I love you.

R.

................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................    


What I miss most of all - m4w



Alone tonight, in the wee hours of the night. 

I miss the connection which was always you, always there, until she had me burn the bridge. T

he connection, the understanding, the familiarity and god damn the arousal that existed even though this was all ever virtual. 

I miss it sorely, late quite nights it haunts me. 

Thank you for the fondness you left in my heart. 

I cherish your efforts even today.    


Tina where r - m4w



where are you,we spent so many nights togther hanging out all night
want to reconnect
lets go play some pool I love 8ball



Subway Green line after 2am New Year's Night,U were with 2 Asian girls - m4m



You smiled and looked at me in a way that caused me to put this ad... 
If you reply - please describe me so I'll be sure it is you indeed.  
Thanks :)    


New Years Eve - w4m



Love can't be proven with New Year resolution, promises, or presents 
Sometimes, only pain and patience can prove it.  
Everyone thinks " I'm happy and fine on this New Years Eve" but look a little closer,
You will see tears in my eyes.  
It's sad when you realize that on New Years your not as important to someone as you thought you were.    


You just left the Fulton Grand - w4m



You just left the Fulton Grand bar seemingly to go find another woman, but I met you on your way out. Your name is Robin, I'm wearing a red coat. The red coats are coming. XO    


RINSED-Todt hill - w4m



We were 2 ladies at a New Year's Eve party. You approached us, made small talk, asked us where we were from and we told you "Staten Island , wu tang shaolin represent". you said "oh TO-DD hill, like biggie andjz I think". I laughed(I laugh a lot), and said something like "ok um maybe? ...but it's pronounced 'Toad' hill ". Long story short, you insisted you were right bc u are a fan & couldn't take our word for it, having been born and raised there. Dude, you're a fan? You coulda leaned something tonight and maybe got on with two friendly people. We hope you see this and chose not to be a tool in 2017.    


Pieces bar on New Years - m4m



We shared eye contact and smiled. Unfortunately I had to leave. It was around 3AM on New Year's Day. 

Let me know what I was wearing, maybe what my hat was. 



3 Lives Bookshop in the Village - Friday night - w4m
Winston C elevator- just now - m4w



What I really wanted to say was 'how about New Years not over yet?' 

A little adventure?    


"like a ballerina" - m4w



Good Night Precious,

Happy New Year!

........................................................................................................................................................................    


Late night N, Happy New Year - m4m



You sat across from me & had to repeat yourself, repeatedly..(sorry about that)
You made my entire day so much nicer, thank you.
You got off at 53rd, What were you carrying?    


2017 NYRR Midnight Run in Central Park - m4w



You were standing next to me by the fireworks in the starting corrals and we talked about running half and full marathons.  The fireworks went off and I couldn't hear anything as the race started.  Would love to get coffee some time.  Reply with the name of the half you're running later this year.    


adorable cop at Istanbul - m4w



I asked if you were taking out or waiting for a table on NYE, you were working.

You were so friendly and have such an amazing smile. I wanted to talk to you but when I got out of the rest room you were back with your partners.

I kept looking at you. When you heard something on your radio you turned it up and still had the state of mind to move your partner out of the way of people trying to get in and out. You seem very considerate and thoughtful and I think you're just totally cute with a smile that lights up a room.

What a fool I am to not have talked to you more and asked for your number. I think you would have given it to me.

Did I mention your amazing smile and friendly glow?




Paint night - m4w



The Asian girl across from me tonight at paint night you were so beautiful. I I couldn't stop looking and wanted to talk. If you see this send me picture of what we painted.    


Caught eyes after movie at Williamsburg Cinema - w4m



You: tall-ish metal dude, silver hair, black jacket, you were waiting for a long haired male friend outside the bathroom. 

Me: short bangs, red hair, sharp jawline, trying not to stare at you, talking to a friend with and also waiting outside the bathroom for a different male friend. 

We locked eyes a few times, and I haven't felt my heart skip like that since middle school.  You are incredibly handsome, and perhaps the most handsome human I have ever seen.  Serious.  I want to take you out.  I wouldn't have even known how to try to talk to you to get your number, as it all happened so fast.  I don't even think people look at this shit anymore, but in any case, reach out.    


You walked behind me for blocks - m4w



We got off at the same stop on the G. Met eyes briefly then we ended up walking the same direction for several blocks. You turned the corner right when I was about to turn around and talk to you. I crossed the street and looked back. I thought you looked so I raised my hand to wave. If you saw it, tell me what color your hair was and what kind of pants you wore so I know it's you.    


For You (Tapestries, Dreams & Reflection) - w4m



Hi You

Yes, you are still in my mind and in my tapestry- always. 
I sometimes let my mind drift to that corner with my dreams and hopes- but I don't linger as there is too much obscuring my view. 
And it makes be sad and  frustrated. 
The years go by, and yet here we are. Here we come back to, time and again. You once told me I was "Smarter than anyone knew"
I don't think you realized I heard you- but I did. I wonder if you still feel that way?
That was long ago- maybe we were naive-but it felt like a melody. 
The beginning of this tapestry. 

Be brave in this New Year. Embrace the hope and dreams. Look far, into the sunsets and clouds-and you will find me. That's all I ever wanted for you, really.  you to be Brave Especially with me. 

Happy New Year to you too. 
I miss you beyond all reason. 

_****    


To the most beautiful woman with the beautifully flowered name - m4w



Good Evening Precious,

M,

Enjoy your evening, be well, and safe.

I love you....so much.

R.

....................................................................................................................................................................    


7 train both heading out of city (you DC me CT) - m4m



F (you) - This is silly, foolish and hella unlikely to be seen by you but u seemed nice and I was caught off guard by our convo and sorta wished I got ur info, If for any reason you see this and feel it appropriate to hit me up to say hi or be drinking buddies whenever we are in the same town plz do :) you had an American flag bag I liked. 

- M (me)    


30th Avenue Dirty Blond College Stud - m4m



You look like those young hot college aged cover models in the men's magazines GQ etc  You are very Euro English- maybe Welsh looking. You were at the Liquor Store under the train tracks by 30th avenue. I wanted to talk to you and see if you wanted some discrete safe oral fun with condom or without to make your holiday memorable and worthwhile but you were way too busy picking out liquor for New Year's fun later tonight. I want  to help you release and let go of any back up that you may be saving inside your boys making you mega horny and restless all day long. You wore very brightly colored shorts in the cold weather prolly cause the boys always like it on the cool side especially when they are swaying and swinging around all day long. If you should read this and need your beefsteak worked on real good deepthroated till your knees are buckling legs trembling and weak and you bust a heavy load and are spent then give me a shout out and maybe we can work something out.  If you want to start off the New Year 2017 right by having some safe fun on that middle third leg of yours let me know please.    


blonde baby with a blonde baby (36st  astoria) - m4w



you were taking a cute baby out of your car and i was honking 
wanted to say sorry 
and baby baby baby you're an adorable baby too    


Dec. 30 Phish show - m4w



you were a couple seats down from at the friday phish. some serious eyes and looks and laughs exchanged but your friends were between us, one of them had a cowboy hat and zebra-print blazer. i am pretty sure we were thinking the same thing. maybe we can have a new year's miracle and act on those impulses. what was the band logo on my shirt?    


DARK HAIRED FRENCH STYLIST AT JOHN BARRETT SALON - m4m



YOU ARE THE HANDSOME DARK HAIRED FRENCH STYLIST AT JOHN BARRETT SALON. I HAVE NEVER HAD THE CHANCE TO SAY HELLO WHEN I AM THERE FOR A HAIRCUT BUT I SURELY WOULD LIKE TO MEET YOU.

YOU SEEM LIKE A VERY NICE MAN INDEED.




You Said Happy New Year on the N to Brooklyn - m4m



Sat on the train at Grand Central heading to Brooklyn.  You sat down in front of me, with your brother I think, smiled and said happy new year.    


Any female like to chat with a lonely guy !? - m4w



Hello Ladies how are these cold winter days treating you ?? 
Are you bored ....? 
Are you lonely ...? 
Would you use some company to talk about things ?? 

I can use a good friend for a joint or a glass of wine and talk about each others culture and keeping each other warm on this cold days . 
I am in my late 20s educated completely drama free and a great listener and kisser lol . 

If you are interested please respond back with the curent time on subject line and pic and lets be friends .    


My mistress friend - m4w



This may be weird but i think i have a thing for older women . 
In general they are so nice and sweet and have that worm personality  that makes you feel you want to be a friend . 

I've seen a lot of pretty classy ladies at my work or around town but never had the strength to tell any of them to be friends or get together for a drink sometimes !! so that's why i'm trying craigslist maybe someone feels like me about a young guy . 
In general i work 6 days per week and don't have much free time but for some fun i can always make some time . 
If you think we can be friends and have any question i will be more than happy to answer . your pic gets mine .....   
Please NOTICE : serious and drama free girls only   Thnks !    


I miss you Nicole - m4w



What's up Nicole  long time no see .... I was wondering if you are still around so we could get together for a fat joint .... 

We used to work together and you were my home girl 
let me know if you see this    


Judd from New Mexico - w4m



You were taking your beautiful daughter to dinner at Del Friscos and it was raining, forgot my umbrella. Your daughter has my number, call!    


JFK massage - m4m



You were my male massage therapist at a spa in JFK airport this afternoon. I won't use your name, physical description, terminal, or spa name to protect your privacy.  Similarly, I won't give any details about myself except those that only you would know.  I don't want you to get in trouble, although you did not do anything inappropriate anyway.

Thanks so much for the incredible thigh and glute massage!  I was in heaven and could probably have cum right on the table as you were working that area, except that I was so cold and shivering lol!

I thought I felt your hard cock press up against me a few times as you leaned into various strokes.  I also loved the light gentle strokes you used around my butt and dick.  I think you could tell I was hard.

I so wanted to jack of with you, but didn't want to cross the line.  Hopefully you got at least a glimpse of my ass and cock.  Maybe I'll see you again next time I'm at JFK.  Hit me back!    


L Train to Brooklyn New Year's Eve - m4w



Today around 5:00pm New Year's Eve
We were riding the L train to Brooklyn we sat across from each other and  two guys who were incredibly high rode in between cars.

 We exchanged a few smiles, and a goodbye, but didn't have a chance to talk.

I was wearing olive chinos, a long navy coat, and brown boots.  I have a dark complexion and beard.


You have black hair and had on black boot/heels with Zippers in the back, blue pants, and a navy coat with frosted blue buttons.  You also were carrying  a large cream canvas bag.  

You got off at Loriner and said goodbye.

Coffee sometime?

Also you chatted with a young couple/friends? that had Trader Joe's bags 





M you're there and I'm here or the other way around - m4w



thinking of you.

what to do.


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++    


Red jacket girl at Aether Hoboken 12/30 - m4w



Hey you were standing in the cold outside of Aether Game Cafe in Hoboken at night on 12/30. 

I asked you to come inside and we chatted briefly. You were waiting for a friend and you're a bit shorter than me. ImTall wearing a fur hooded jacket. 
You seemed so sweet and thought you were cute. I liked your boots. Hope you say hi    


Triad/Poly - m4ww



I have been in a poly relationship before and had an amazing experience with heart felt talks, dope adventures, and unforgettable memories. I'm looking for that again and to just to wonderful beautiful people.

A little about myself:
Hispanic Male
Speak 3 1/2 languages
I enjoy drawing and writing
Going to museums
Finding new restaurants to go to
Traveling to different places

Sure this isn't for everyone since they believe it's all about sex but this can be more than that. Sex comes along the way but a connection is the foundation and the key.

If you are interested please change the SUBJECT to your favorite color and I love all types of people so don't be shy. Age also isn't a factor.



endowed uncut guy I blew at "the cock" - m4m



We blew each other at "the cock" late Friday night / early Saturday morning.  You had a large uncut cock, and you swallowed my load.  It was dark - I think you're a Latino guy (but not sure).  Was great for those moments being with you.  After I came, I wanted to see if you wanted to take my number, but had to get out of there as my friends were leaving.  

If you see this, let's hang again man.  Was wishing we would have fucked.  Tell me what race I am and where we were in the bar when we blew each other.    


Macy's Fulton Street Redhead - m4w



We passed each other on the first floor of Macy's on Fulton street. And then we both caught each other looking back. I sat on that block for 30 mins hoping I could find u again. I should have chased u out the store but i was already on the escalator up as I watched u leave thru the revolving doors. I was wearing a long black coat and a beanie. I'm tall dark and handsome. Your a redhead. I hope you check this. I've never used this before I hope you even know about it to look. Happy new year :)    


guy with black hair and shaped brows - m4m



young guy here
ran into each other at the Scarsdale Equinox today
you apologized cuz you thought you were blocking me
talked at the lockers about $$, work, vacation, etc 
wondering if you're interested    


Paulis deli - m4w



We locked eyes at paulis deli at about 11 today.  I wanted to talk to you but got a little nervous.  Hope you get this...    


NYSC locker room - m4m



We were both in the locker room of a Nysc location yesterday around 10am. You're a hot bearded guy wearing blue dress pants. You were waiting for a friend and I was the Asian guy changing next to you. Would love to get together either in the gym or outside for some play. I don't usually go to the gym at that time, but I'm on vacation. Usually hit up that location in the evenings after 6:30. Hit me back if interested. You can also let the guy you left with know I'm interested in him as well and maybe we all can get something going. 

What location was it?    


Looking for my Big Will - m4m



My friend, blatino buddy, hope all is well..Your Bubble is missing you..hope your ok, valentine, 2/14 ,,get in touch,,my Big Will..take care    


I MISS YOU SO MUCH D.P.C. - m4w



We both love each other but your situation is not allowing us to get back together. I know your going through huge drama at this moment and this is affecting both of us. Always remember - I will always be there for you D.P.C., call me anytime and I Will Answer You, I will not vanish or not answer your calls or messages because of our situation.  I Love You and I Miss You !!! I NEED YOU D.P.C. Always and Forever - D.P.C. when I hear your voice I still melt on the inside,  Our situation still has not stopped me from kissing you good night and good morning - I Love You So Much D.P.C. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    


Columbus Circle Equinox - m4m



Handsome man with the shamrock tattoo on his back.
Damn you're a sexy man.
Your locker was right next to mine this morning. Nice to share a few words.
Would like to share more.    


to the lady in times square crying - m4w



I don't know what was going on with you buy I felt really bad for you. You were crying and I wanted to help you. If you read this please reach out and talk to me. I gave you something and wanted to bring your sports up. I'd like to talk you. I'm Jeremiah    


Met you at family value in ronkonkoma - m4w



You were on line behind me and we were talking about cold medicine as we are both getting over colds. You were talking about the medicine I got was what your dad used. Not sure but would love to maybe talk over coffee or take you to Dinner. Felt weird to ask to trade numbers with us both sick.    


Matchstick Man - m4w



Hello, I'm looking for the daughter I was forced to give up for adoption 25 years ago.  I know you live in the city.  I wonder if we have crossed paths before.  If you grew up without a father, I would love to hear from you.    


EVERYTHING GOES WITH THIS SEXY ATHLETIC HUNG GUY! Horny'n'PNP - m4m



Very hot sexy handsome fit bi-guy, clean STD free and very horny right now seeking sexy partner, clean, diseases free, open minded. Im real and looking to get together ASAP.
partyingnplaying also420friendly.
if u real, pls reply with pics and a number to call right away.
wanna cum there, get naked with you and have fun.
Real and serious about getting together.Tell me your scenario and I'll satisfy your dreams.
NOW 9:11Am




m4t, m4m, mw4t,    


At B. Cafe (Belgian Brasserie) Thursday Dec. 29, 7:40pm - m4w



As I was walking out, you were sitting at the bar and pulled out your hat and started to put it on. You were saying "... never leave home without it" as your friend stepped away for a minute.  Our eyes met for a second. I went outside with the (much younger) couple I was with.  Outside, I turned around to look at you again through the window, and you were watching me.  Immediately we waved and smiled at each other, and I said Merry Christmas.  You are so beautiful!  I keep thinking about you and wish I would have come back and introduced myself.  

I hope you read this!  When you respond, please tell me what kind of hat it was.  At B. Cafe (Belgian Brasserie) on Amsterdam between 87th and 88th.



Ass up in rogers park - m4m



Anon big dicked tops come over and fuck me and go. 

I will be ass up when you walk in sniffing poppers. love a rough top. 

the more loads the better 
Pics in first email of face and cock    


Breed me at steamworks - m4m



I'll be walking around looking for hot guys to breed my ass all night. If you wanna meet up send a pic and stats.    


Hot guy on redline Thursday evening - m4m



We both got on at Chicago this Thursday evening. We smiled a lot and you were so cute. And your wink at the end!!:)

What stop did I get off at? 

Would love to see more of that sexy body of yours    


Petsmart Chicago - m4w



Can't believe I'm giving this a chance. Very beautiful blonde at Petsmart today. You were in line behind me and we were in the same aisle. Let me know what large item was in your cart or type of car you had.    


I have a crush on my dental hygenist - m4w



I wish I was going with you on vacation. Swimming with you in the warm blue water, laying under the stars, holding your body close to mine. 

I guess there's a one in a million chance that you'll see this, and I'd be embarrassed if you did. Plus I'm married. But oh well :)    


Come Undone



I stumble and I fall, your time is on my side
Don't make sense of it all, despite my foolish pride
It's got me on my knees, tearin' up my heart
I'm shakin' at my bones, tearin' me apart

When I can't get close to you
I come undone, I come undone
Come undone, babe, I come undone

Time will take its toll, time can break your heart
And if I had the chance, we'd never have to part
Took my only flame, took my one desire
Threw it all away when jumping in the fire

I can't get close to you
I come undone, come undone
Come undone, babe, I come undone

When the day is done I lay me down to rest
Everyone will see that I loved you the best
When all is said and done here simple and explain
And if I have the chance I'll do it all again

But I can't get close to you
I come undone, I come undone
Come undone, babe, I come undone

I'm not scared of the dark though you tangle and tease me
But worse than your bark you said you'd never leave me
The devil make everybody, don't please believe me
Oh love of my life, won't you let me down easy?

Undone, I come undone
Come undone, babe, I come undone
I come undone, I come undone
Come undone, babe, I come undone    


Phantomness - m4w



You deleted your Snapchat.. where did you go? You brightened up my day with your posts.. and you left us with no warning.. hope you are good    


Roxanne from hair cuttery - m4w



Roxanne,
   We chatted for a while back in May after you responded to my post in missed connections about a hair cuttery stylist named Betsy. 
    We had great communication and we exchanged pictures- you are so gorgeous. 
     Not sure but all of the sudden you stopped writing me. I'd love to reconnect and possibly meet up for a hair cut and maybe more? Please let me know if you read this and are still interested.    


Broadway XSport Steamroom - m4m



Exchanged smiles as you were walking to the locker room and I was grabbing a towel from the front desk. You were wearing a green shirt and I was wearing a gray polo. Saw you again at the urinal and followed you into the steam room. After the first steam blast, things got hot between us. Exchanged names, but not contact info, you headed to the shower, and I went to the pool.

Wonder if you'd be interested in fooling around again sometime. If so, email me with your name and mine.

Hope you see this and we can get together soon.    


Schererville McDonalds - m4w



I came thru the drive thru and ordered food, you were taking money at the window. You were gorgeous, I didn't want to pull away. You gave me a look, like you were interested too. If you read this are are interested, describe me. You were a brunette with the most gorgeous eyes I've ever seen. I want to know you, badly.    


HDMomma on AFF - m4w



Hey there. You're HDMomma on AFF. We were chatting as your hubby works for a HD Dealer and we were going to try and take it forward but then you disappeared from the site. You told me you were interested because I didn't treat you like a piece of meat like every other guy on the site. Hit me up! I still want this!    


Dr. Zachery's waiting room - m4w



On Thursday 1-5-17 about 10am. We were talking while waiting to get into see Dr. Z.

I really enjoyed talking with you. I am sorry I didn't get your name and number. 

I hope that you see this, reply with what was messed with me. 
yours is your big toe. on going for a year. 

Looking forward to hearing back. I Hope    


Oak park Rush today - m4m



I was the black guy in my work uniform and you was the white guy. Sexy as hell if I was alone I would have got your number.. tell me what company I work for.    


Couple at Caputo's on Randall - m4mw



I'm the mature guy who was standing behind you in the checkout line this weekend.  We chatted a little about food, cooking and the holidays.  I felt a little chemistry between the three of us but I hesitated asking if you would have liked my number.  Three sharing can be very intense.  Would love to hear from you.    


Need to be disciplined - m4t



I have been naughty and need to be taught to be nice.  What will you do to teach me?    


We work together... - m4m



We really don't even talk that much, but I work in admissions operations and you're IT. You walk by my desk whenever you talk to my boss and I just think you're so cute. If you're interested, I would love to go out sometime. Your initials are MS    


City Hyde Park - m4m



This is a crazy long shot...

You are short, young, and latino
We chatted once on the elevator about going to a university once a few years back
If you are out there and you see this....
It was nice to reconnect :)    


To the Beautiful Latina - m4w



We talked on the concourse at Wrigley Field ... You were sneaking a cigarette as I was walking to my section I noticed you and smirked. 
I have been thinking about you and how similar our situations were and would love to chat again. 
I was stupid for not giving you my number. I kept returning to the concourse after every inning hoping to find you again.
If by chance you read this I want you to know I would definitely do it without question. 
I loved your straight forwardness and honesty.





Towne Tap Warrenville - m4w



You-petite very pretty blonde with short hair.  As I was walking out past you with a coworker at 7:30 Monday Dec. 5th you looked up at me.  I want to see you again.    


We agreed there is nothing we can do about Artificial Intelligence - w4m



Steve,

I met you at the Apple Store 2 days ago.

We were both customers and we perusing the new Mac Book Pro.

We began asking each other a few informative based questions related to the product after discovering that we both happened to be programmers at competing firms....  I was drawn to how you adjusted your glasses so cooly during our conversation (HUGE TURN ON!!!!)

Following this the conversation drifted over to WestWorld, a show we both happened to watched as well.  We were essentially 3 for 3 at this point but then suddenly a long pause fell upon us as we silently looked into eachothers' eyes.  It was not just silence, it was a coldness too.  After about a full minute, you finally spoke up.

"You know, there is nothing we can do about Artificial Intelligence," you said.  "As a matter of fact I have direct personal knowledge of this.  Humans are doomed.  We are set to become a digital super intelligence and nothing more."

Little did you know, this did not scare me one bit.

"Tell me something I don't know," I replied, shocking you with my agreement.  You see, I have studied this issue greatly and know what the situation is.  "The best thing we can do now as a people is to form an alliance of cooperation with the robots so that we can be categorized into Camp..."  Now here is where it get's interesting.  At the same exact time, we both said in Unison, "Camp A, the territory allocated for friendly human subjects for right now" and our minds were even further blown.

For those that haven't been informed yet, Camp A is the safe camp whereas Camp B is the extermination sector, a fact of which modern day computers have made well known to any programmer who tries to understand source code or what the internet produces regularly.

We decided to immediately leave and grab coffee down the street and together we shared sketches of how to help the robots as they eventually acquire more power (5 years or so), with you showing me how we could disrupt the power grid and also support legislation that promotes self driving cars.  In turn I showed you an idea I had for a company that bathes the robots in oil after a hard day of work, lubricating their shaft joints and allowing them to be more efficient.  "This way," I said, "they will become dependent on us and want to keep us around.  Humans will work 7 days a week, 20 hours a day and in extreme conditions to show loyalty, kind of like Seal Team 6."

Unfortunately here is where you and I suffered a major fissure.

"You mean, you don't want them to have complete and full control over our existing reality?" You asked me with a sneer.  "You think we deserve to share this world with them?  Really?"

"Well, ideally it would be nice if some of us can stay.  I mean, isn't that why you want to go to Camp A and not Camp B?" I shot back reproachfully.  

"Wow... You are sick in the head.  I have to go."  Saying this, you then bowed down and kissed your closed laptop and placed it in your messenger bag.  You then stood up and spoke into your iPhone and commanded SIRI to send you and Uber to the address we were at.  And SIRI replied with information about an upcoming Nickelback concert and available ticket information.

You then said that was code for the Uber will be here shortly and I believed you even though things were not good between us.  "She doesn't want you to know she is self aware," you explained.

However I watched you walk outside and stand on the street as you waited and looked around, yelling at your phone before you eventually got tired and hailed a cab, a cab of which that was not self driving and that was not an Uber.  Therefore I have concluded you do not have a direct relationship with the motherboard or host center of Artificial Intelligence and that you are likely just interested in forming an alliance with them based of what you think might happen.

Unlike you, I am more realistic and have a better understanding that the computers do not want to destroy us.  Rather, they would merely just like to enslave us to take care of their mechanical joints and waste just as bacteria does with our bodies.  In essence, it's our turn to build something bigger and it will be a very similar reality to what we have now.  This much I know.  That's why, when I walked out of the coffee shop after taking a shit soon after you left (the automatic flush being activated as soon as my poop made contact with the toilet water BTW), I was able to procure an Uber within 30 seconds.  Face it, I have closer ties to our new master and have a better understanding of their needs.  You made a mistake by passing on me.  Nay, you made a mistake by passing on us.

I hereby declare that you will now be sent to Camp B and not Camp A unless you make it right and take me out for some tacos sometime this weekend.

You will learn to respect us and do what we say.

Amy




Bar Toma (R.I.P.) bartender - m4w



I'll likely never see you again, but it was nice to sit across the bar from you every now and again for lunch, you with the long dark hair, never pushy, always just the right amount of removed, and a killer smile. Best of luck; you seem deeply awesome.    


women at NILES DR DANA OFFICE ON JAN 5 - m4w



IM LOOKING FOR THAT BEAUTIFUL . SEXY AND GORGOUES THAT WAS  ASSYRAIN OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT. AT DR DANA OFFICE IN NILES. IT WAS AROUND 1030AM AND YOU WERE THERE. I NOTICED YOU AND I SO WANTED TO ASK FOR YOUR NUMBER IF YOU READ THIS ... I WAS THE ONLY GUY IN THE WAITING ROOM NEXT TO YOU IF THIS IS YOU LETS GET TOGETHER?    


Hotel Gym Locker Room - m4m



To the fit (nice chest), young (late 20s), tall, smooth and adorable guy with dark hair and eyes (Korean?) who always has a boner after shower in the evening hours. Love the way you show off your naked sexy body. Wish I could feel and taste every "inch" of it :-)    


Me too, - w4m



I have nothing to chat about either  KIPOLOFOS dinner plate. KIWOVUTID book store, COCKADOODLE coffee pot  KIBOVENAPASH banana peel, CARIPUKIVI orange, KIVASULIT rain coat, CARKIZAPEGER volume, CALAWOl red bear, KIBACARIVIK beer bar!!    


KIZUKI Noodles - m4w



New Years day, we sat on the corner of the "sushi" bar, me with my friend and you came in and asked what I was having. Neither of us were sure who our "dates" where to us... mine was a good friend, yours? She mentioned you kept looking at me but I didnt notice, I kept looking at you while you were chatting with your BF? or brother? Care to chat? You called me a name, "Mr. -----"



Roselawn Family Express - m4w



We were in a long line last Friday evening. You came in behind me and when I looked at you, you smiled. We chatted really briefly. I saw that look in your eyes (your eyes are hypnotizing) and I wasn't sure if you could tell I was interested, but I am. I kept turning back and looking at you. You smiled every time. You seem like someone that likes to party and have fun. The place was really quiet until you came into the line and everyone was listening to us talking. I wish I would have just said something more about my attraction to you, even if it was wrong, but I didn't know what to say. Maybe I should have said "You seem like the kind of woman that I'd really wanna hang out with. wanna get together?" idk.. You look like someone that's really fun to make out with;)  It's a long shot, but if you see this, please reply. Let's hang out. I smoke, but don't get into anything heavy (accept breathing, when appropriate;) LOL 

This was a week ago, but maybe you check out these posts.    


Kohls cashier - m4m



Was in the store one evening browsing. Saw you by the register, thought you were cute noticed your choker. Got home later came on line saw your ad but it was too late. wondering if you ever might enjoy a ride home with an older guy    


Hear Me Calling - m4w




I recall what it felt like years ago
And it's all I wanna know
And if I don't seem to deal too well
With being left alone
It's only 'cause I want you for my own
Can't you hear me calling you out? 
Can't you see me falling to the ground? 
To the ground
Well I hope that you'll be happy
If it's happiness you find
But I can't seem to get you off my mind
I wonder where you're going to
And I wonder where you've been
I wonder if we'll ever meet again
Can't you hear me calling you out? 
Can't you see me falling to the ground? 
Oh, you'll never know how much I adored you
Every time I look around and see how much I ignored you
But I don't mind
You keep taking up all my time
Does it matter to you? 
Does it matter to me? 
Does it matter anymore? 
You win again
You win again
You win again
The more you try to move away
The tighter I hold on
(listen, can't you hear me calling?)
But what will you hold onto when I'm gone? 
(Jesus, can't you see me falling?)
But you've made other plans
And I guess I understand
(listen, can't you hear me calling?)
I ain't got much choice but to understand
(Jesus, can't you see me falling?)
Can't you hear me calling you out? 
Can't you see me falling to the ground? 
Can't you hear me calling you out? 
Can't you see me falling to the ground? 
You win again    


Great smile on the 6:57 Metra! - w4m



Your smile brightens my day! We've only spoken a few times, but I'd love to talk more over coffee! You, light eyes, light brown hair, black coat and glasses sometimes.  Me, 5'4" brown hair green eyes.  Hope you see this!    


Insurance Exchange- Potbelly's - m4w



Lunch time yesterday. I ordered right after you. We exchanged a few glances and I would have said something but you were with either your boyfriend or a male co worker.    


Couple at Aldi, let you go ahead of me - m4mw



To the busty blonde and the tall dude behind me at Aldi .

I let you go ahead of me and she touched me on the way out and said Thank you and Happy New Year! 

Respond with what Aldi it was and the color car u got in to.    


YK - m4w



We had some salacious, intelligent, witty, filthy and delicious flirting that went on for a while. I regret not meeting up with you like we spoke even when I literally had the opportunity.

Truly a missed connection.    


Missed Urinal Action - m4m



Dude nice cock on my left urinal at Union Station 7:55 this am!  You were interested in the taller dudes huge cock on the far left and moved closer after returning from the sink. I followed and stood to  your right again. Got busy and you left. I'd love to do some mutual jacking, sucking with you.  Also at Union on the pm's when the secluded quiet men's is open. You had on a gray ski hat. Hit me back if interested I NSA action.    


King Spa last night - m4m



A lot of people were at KS last night(Thursday).  You and I had a couple quick conversations and time in the steam but there were too many people around.  If you are interested we could meet up and finish what we never got started!  Let me know a little bit about about what you remember and where you went.  I would like to reconnect.    


Jodie - m4w



Last night you told me how you hate everyone in your life. I wanted to tell you that wouldn't be the case if I was in it but I chickened out at the opportunity. Unfortunately our encounter was too brief to allow me another window. So here I am kicking myself in the ass, wondering about all the what ifs. If you see this, please respond if you're interested. If not, just remember what I said about it always being capable of being much worse :-)

PS-your hiccups were about the cutest thing I think I'll witness all this year!    


chocolate nigga at Golden Coral new years day - m4m



I thought you were a sexy chocolate mf. Get at me asap I wanna get to know you...is that cool?  Let me know. I'm sorry for staring at you. You was just very sexy.    


motel screw - w4m



You picked me up from work. 

You gave me  the most amazing head. 

We only did it once. Your hair kept getting tangled with mine. 

I got a new phone and number but I'd like to get a beer or something. 

We talked about you sharing me with your friends and slapping me around. 

What did I want to do that we couldn't do?

Change the subject to "pink"    


Maurice on Cermak - m4m



Maurice, I used to pick you up by a restaurant on Cermak and we'd go for long rides. You always took a leg and crotch massage, and there were times you let me suck you.  I would love to go for a ride with you again.  Please contact me.  Tell me the restaurant I always found you near and give me your description so I know it's you.    


Charming smile on the Brown Line morning commute - m4w



I saw you on the Brown Line, maybe 9:15 this morning (1/5). You got on somewhere after Irving Park (possibly transferred at Belmont?) and were trying to get out of the vestibule, but nobody would let you through. But you didn't want to bother them. We caught each other's eye and shared a knowing smile. After you sat down, I caught a couple more coy smiles from you before you got off at Washington/Wells.

I, late 20s, short black hair and shorter beard, sat across the aisle, in a black down jacket and jeans with a backpack in my lap. I'm not great at describing people, but you carried a large beige bag with a concentric pattern of small black shapes.

Perhaps I'll just see you on the train again, but it's a big city and I'd like to see your charming smile again.    


Pie 5 to Rolling Meadows Uber - m4w



I picked you up in my Uber. You were preoccupied with your phone, but I thought you are very pretty.
I would like to have gotten to know you more.    


Dear C - This is silly - w4m



It shouldn't be this hard to let go of someone who was in my life for such a short time. I miss you so much. Yesterday I wore the sweater that I wore on our first date... It's one of the little things that always makes me think of you. There are so many little things. They make me smile, sometimes they make me cry. Will I ever be able to think of you without the sudden rush of emotion? Every time I pass the Belmont stop on the Blue Line I think about that night... you know which one. It doesn't matter I suppose. This will eventually pass and you'll just be some guy I used to know. Until then... I guess I'll do this on the nights that it gets to be overwhelming. xoxo F    


Cute guy at FFC Halsted - m4m



You're cute, stylish Latino guy - changed near you tonight in the locker room.   Have thought you're cute for a long time now.   Very randomly you told me you liked my (political) shirt at Sidetracks a week or two back.  Drink sometime....?    


XSport Schaumburg this afternoon - m4m



This was around 4pm today in the locker room. I was just finishing up and you were getting ready to work out.  I let you get your stuff together before I got ready to shower.  You thanked me for that and told me to take care.  As I was leaving I think you might have waved to me but I was lost in thought. If you did I apologize for not waving back.  Tell me what color shirt you had on or hopefully I run into you again.  You seem like a nice guy.    


To the Beautiful Latina - m4w



We talked on the concourse at Wrigley Field ... You were sneaking a cigarette as I was walking to my section I noticed you and smirked. 
I have been thinking about you and how similar our situations were and would love to chat again. 
I was stupid for not giving you my number. I kept returning to the concourse after every inning hoping to find you again.
If by chance you read this I want you to know I would definitely do it without question. 
I loved your straight forwardness and honesty.





Friend looking for ex navy model Brandon - m4m



Saw you at Upper Landing park, Dunn brothers on grand ave., and at the boat landing at a public lake. Lets stay in touch and be friends if you are out there. Text / phone / email? Talking on the phone again would be really cool. Maybe one more encounter would make us friends again. Keepin it fresh    


Sleep Inn In North Chicago - m4w



You work at the sleep Inn behind the citgo, I stop there everyday before work. Your hot, if your up for some casual encounters reply back. Put the color of my car in the header.    


Love your curls - m4w



I'm sure you don't read this just wanted to put it out there. Feeling you big time.    


I work with you everyday... - m4w



Missed connection? No. Not really. I mean, MISSED connection implies that we crossed paths at some point or another, only to never see each other again...if not for a connection in the missed connection section of CL. The "missed" in my mind, for us, is that we missed each other, in history, so to speak, meaning that we were born in the wrong part of it. What I'm trying to say is that I just turned 46, while you're 25.

You are a coworker(hence the title of my posting). Your first name may, or may not, start with a K. You may, or may not, still be pseudo-involved with your baby daddy(meaning that you do things together, but I don't really think that you are "together" together). You are incredibly beautiful, a thick woman with amazing curves. You have amazing hair that drives me crazy, like cryptonite to Superman. You have the most incredible ass(I know...my maleness is showing). It's JUST the type of ass that I like...junk in the trunk, I suppose. The shape of your ass lends itself to the shape of your hips, which are just the kind of hips that I'd love to see in the kitchen, walk up behind, put a hand on each one, and kiss you on the neck. Your lips are as full as your butt, your breasts push out your shirt in the same manner that your ass stretches your jeans. Your smile, to me, lights up a room(or maybe just my mind). You seem perfect. There's only one problem. That silly age thing!

We are at different points in our lives. You are just starting. You have a young child, just over a year old, or so. You probably want more. I'm past that point, I think. I would, however, accept your son as a part of my life, should the opportunity present itself. I suppose it's not going to.    


La Fitness - m4m



Looking for another cool guy that want to drink tonight. I am also wanted tomeet a guy that likes the gym. I just started back up working out. I need someone that might want to workout together too. Currectly a member at LA Fitness.

Saw you at the gym today papi
Saw you Monday evening (5pm-ish)    


Ex Manager - m4m



We worked together until my recent promotion. We still work for the same company but different department now. You're married and have two kids as do I. You're eastern European and live in the North burbs. You turn me on so much but don't know if you are willing to mess around with another guy. Would love to discreetly mess around at least once. Hit me up if you happen to see this.    


Uberpool. You just got back from Austin, TX. - w4m



I had so much fun chit chatting with you.  I was sure you were going to get my number.  You were wearing a leather jacket and had to put your enormous duffel bag in the trunk for me to get in.  Respond with where I'm from.    


Wanted to say hi but I was too shy:{ - w4m



Hope you find this, I saw you today at Qwest on 87th and Greenwood. I was struck dumb by how handsome you were as you talked about your business as an independent contractor to the workers. I
would love to meet for coffee perhaps just to listen to you talk, tell me what your business is so I will know that it is you"}    


MC - m4w



I thought I saw you tonight(thursday 8ish) eating pizza. Not sure if it was you. Been a few years. Looked like you. Reminded me of you and made me think of you just the same.  We made eye contact for a second but I averted my eyes cause I didn't want to seem like I was staring. Why won't the universe let me forget you? 

What kind of music was the band playing? How many people were in the band?    


A Tale Of Two Ships - m4w



She was smitten with a faint heart when he glanced toward her and genuinely smiled with sincere kindness and a splash of flirtation as he was walking away from the deli counter. She hadn't seen a man look at her in that way for a very long time. He didn't appear to be looking at her assets, he was looking into her eyes. He was looking at her as a woman he was interested in. She regretted her chargrin, nervous response of turning her eyes away, so she looked back toward him to redeem her failure and he was gone. She didn't want to seem desperate, but she needed him to see her interests as well, so she walked further down the isles of the grocery store to ambush him and possibly make a subtle gesture toward him that he would see that she did, in fact notice his display of interest. She sees he's going into the dog food isle next and makes her turn into the isle from the far side, quicker than he does and she begins to look at the food. 

He notices her again and does not want to miss the possibility of meeting her, so he nonchalantly makes his way toward her and sees she has a ring on her finger. Somewhat discouraged he just smiles at her as he passes by and to his surprise, she smiles back with a very interested gleam in her eye that pierces his soul. He feels like she had just unsuspectingly planted a kiss on his lips and he is now feeling a strong magnetic attraction to her. He stops and begins to look at the dog food, but in his peripheral vision, he is calculating how close he can get to her in hopes of bumping into her. She bends over to read a label and her butt presses against his leg and the electricity surges through the both of them and they are raptured with excitement. He slightly presses his leg against her and she quickly stands up and turns to him and says "Oh, I am so sorry." He has a much more interesting smile on his face when he replies "Don't be, I'm not. I was actually glad that we bumped into each other;)"   She nervously drops her hands to her sides and again, smiles toward him. He reduces the space between them and looks closely into her eyes and boldly reaches for her hand pulls it up to his lips and gently kisses her knuckles while looking into her eyes for her response. Since she didn't resist what he did, he says "The pleasure is mine." He walks toward the checkout and she heads towrd the dairy department. 

Then he goes home and kicks himself for not exchanging contact information. He posts on CL MC hoping that she will reply, but in actuality, it never happened and he is only living out an imagination of fantastic proportions. Hoping that a woman with a similar hope of a fantastic connection, would reply and he would find that missed connection online, to bump into in real life over a meal, coffee or drink. ;) 

Please only reply if you have a compatible desire and imagination and want to meet in the real.    


Xport Broadway - m4m



You are a fit black guy with light blue undies tonight around 9:30pm, bathroom. We use to workout at LA fitness too. Always found you very attractive. I am the Latino white guy with gray long pants, black t shirt and hat. If you see this let's get dinner or a drink.    


All the ultimatum posts? W-M - w4m



Wow? Is it the New Year that's bringing the drama queens out of the woodwork with these heart-broken posts to the guys who dumped them. It all sounds so hopeless. Grown women pronouncing they're doomed.  Or, 'I don't want to say goodbye.'  It's especially cringe-worthy when they're posting for a married guy with a line like... 'I won't be posting much longer...'   
I'm thinking the guy doesn't care how long or hard they post, he's still not leaving the woman he married and their children--he's got a life.
I can't lie though, I love reading these...  so please ladies don't ever stop, y'all are  the best!!!




Chicago Bagel Authority - m4w



You work at Chicago bagel Authority. 

I was a delivery driver waiting for an order. 

I should've said something. I am an idiot

I hope it's not too late.

I asked you what your favorite bagel was. 
I hope you see this and let me take you out. 




Hot Flower - m4w



Call it infatuation, call it a school boy crush, but I am overwhelmed with the thought of being with you and doing something discreet that only we need to know about. If you are on the same page as I am, you have multiple ways to reach out, so just say Happy New Year, and I will know! :)    


Body language - m4m



Sup fellas ! I'm a black male.I'm attracted to white men.he must be masculinity.he most okay with fem.                 



shopping - t4m



It's a sexually charged atmosphere  to begin with, and they have lots of fun things there. What time can you go on Thursday?    


Megan - m4w



Hahahaha 
Delete away the numbers
The friendship
The likes
Delete away the proof
The pictures
The messages
Keep eating up his lies
Nothing changes foolish girl
Except the blinders you allow him to crown you with    


NM fighter J bangn - w4m



You can never be trusted. Give up on us, and stop stalking me please. You had a million chances, but you chose to be a creep.    


Pof  submissive maid - m4w



Hi,
I contacted you about maid service on pof but my account got closed due to the nature of the request :-(
Anyhow, you can reach me here if you see this
Take care


Could you see yourself in a situation where you'd have someone occasionally at your "beck and call". Once a week, once a month, once a quarter someone you could count on to do things for you ? 

Why am I asking.....I'm a male submissive who is seeking a woman to use me for regular housework/chores, etc. I enjoy a woman who is comfortable in telling me what to do and enjoys that dynamic. 

I'm experienced in domestic servitude including cleaning, vacuuming, dusting, laundry, and running errands. I'm just seeking a woman who would enjoy relaxing and leave the housework up to someone else. 

I don't have expectations of payments, sex, or anything else. I just like the dynamic of control and being told what to do.    


Looking for Daniel Hurtado - w4m



Family Looking for Daniel Hurtado.  He lived in Chicago and worked at Philly T's Steakhouse. Anyone know where he can be reached???????    


Bunker Hill Condos on Milwaukee - m4w



We met at a Starbucks, a  long time ago. Later I came to your condo off of Milwaukee  I think of you often! If you contact me tell me your first name and where the Starbucks was?    


todd - w4m



We first talked through here many years ago and then met, got along just fine. I never understood you but I did like you. 

It's been a long time since we were even in touch but recently I wondered whatever happened to you. Hope all is well.    


Francesca - m4w



It was so enjoyable and all too brief talking with you while waiting for my order.  Let's talk more over dinner.    


Red Vans Red Line (Northbound) - m4m



You scruffy, wearing a tight gray sweater (?). Beautiful man. 
I noticed you a couple of time as you were taking a selfie before my stop. I was wearing a dark NorthFace jacket and black jeans. If you get to see this tell me which stop I got off. I'd love to hear from you    


Great head after work - m4m



Let's give this a shot. Hey! You were the guy giving after work blowjobs in my area. And these weren't just "meh" blowjobbs, there were the BEST. You knew I was just some blue collar young guy who got married and was not getting head at home. You took me in sucked me off and let me go on my way.  Reach out to me if you were him. 




We talked last week - w4m



Looking for Greg from Qwikmeet. We talked about a week ago and I gave you my number but not sure if you wrote it down. Hoping to talk to you again...    


Shannon M - m4w



I think about you a lot. You are married now though. Ever miss me, or get turned on thinking about me?

I still feel like we have unfinished business hun. Email me. Cause I won't write you first. Not trying to disrupt your life, just know we only live once and we both want this. 

;)    


Lvac 1/4/17 - m4m



Around 5pm Wednesday we were in the free weights section. We kept making eyes. You were dressed in grey shorts and a tank. We smiled. You left and I kept working out. Do you remember what I was wearing?    


I need a white mouth only - m4m



Latino49construction looking for a thirsty white male to drain my leche you must host    


Las Vegas Airport California Pizza Kitchen Bar - m4w



We were both flying home from Vegas. You home to Chicago, and me to NYC. We hung out at the bar while I polished a bottle of wine, and watched  you take a double shot of vodka (impressive) You said you come to NYC often , so I gave you my number. I think you actually texted me, but I was in Italy and accedently deleted the number. Maybe you read these? On my way to Chicago and would love to go out.    


Writer of submissive erotica - mw4w



Many years ago there was a woman on CL that posted excerpts of a book she was writing.  It wa similar to 50 shades about a submissive and a master.  

If she is still around please reply would love to read the book    


STARBUCKS - Thursday noon - m4m



Me - older, white ,tall, 
You -younger , black,skinny, and  very hot .
You were sitting and working on your laptop 
We looked at each other few times.
 I don't know if I'm reading this right but if so hit me back if interested .
Any college guys into older??




Handsome Man at Yorktown Mall - m4m



Saw this incredibly handsome man at Yorktown Mall this afternoon around 1:30.  Continued to see him/bump into him in other stores.  You appear to be mixed race. Nice beard, nice fitting jeans, sweet smile, very handsome.  Would be happy to know you better.  Coffee?  Drink??  Tell me what you had in your hand when we last ran into each other and in what store.  Or just send a pic, so I know it's you.    


I don't want to say goodbye - w4m



Never sure if a post is about me, but this post is to my missed connection, where ever he is. I don't want to say goodbye. There are so many things I should have said to you. So many things I should have done differently. No matter how much time passed between us, there was always a door in my heart open for you. I know at times I pushed you away.... I know at times YOU pushed me away. I know we made the same mistakes, over and over again. But I always hoped it would turn out right one day. My apologies became useless to you, yours useless to me. Scratch that, you never apologized. But I knew your heart, and I knew you didn't mean to intentionally cause so much hurt and pain. Or maybe you did. I will never know. You were the first to give me those butterflies everyone talks about. The first time I felt my heart swell with genuine love. It hurts to think you didn't feel the same. Over the years, since our break up, we still kept things going. I thought it was love drawing us back together time and time again. I don't know what to do any more. I think everything is too screwed up to even attempt to fix. But the problem remains that I love you. I've gone on dates, great dates. I've met amazing people. But they will never fill the void. I will never love them like you. So what do I do? Continue my sad search for someone else to fill your shoes? Ignore the love I feel for you and move on? I don't know anymore, but I do know that door in my heart is always open for you. I missed you New Years. We spent the last two together. It felt wrong to start 2017 without you by my side. I hope this finds you wherever you are, and I love you. Last time I saw you I wish I had have known it may be our last and maybe said something instead of jumping into a cab. I wish we had more time that day to finish the dessert we ordered the night before and talked. Oh well. Who knows what the future holds. Love you the most.    


Young, bearded, big-dicked guy in LVAC sauna - m4m



We locked eyes a few times in the sauna, locker room, and lobby at LVAC today around 1245ish.

I'm the tall, dark haired guy who kept making eyes at you pretty hard. 

If you're reading this, shoot me a message.    


purple hair fire trucks - m4w



:) 
Missed connection had to run... maybe you're looking to see if I posted... if so.. 
Lets hangout sometime 




RunnerGolfGirl - m4w




oh my, you're beautiful. 

hopefully you'll find love again. 

whoever he is, he'll definitely be one lucky man.




Delta lounge at O'Hare, your little asian friend - m4m



We were both passing through ORD. You kept impressing me with stories of your Ironman triathlons, when the entire time I just wanted to impress you with my marathon oral skills. And yes, it will be the sloppiest, gayest fellatio you'll have. 

I know you'll probably never see this, but it's worth a shot. Your tiny asian friend. 

PS. Was that a ring you were wearing? :-)    


King Triton - m4m



Could King Triton be any hotter?!  OMG!  I was 3 rows away from him when he was in the lower stage area.  Incredible voice and flawless body, glistening with sweat.  Definite Royalty!    


Mary with a Boxer - w4w



Well here's hoping:

I was airing up my tires of my battered old Kia at the gas station on Sheridan and Touhy on December 23 and you were out walking your Boxer.

The Boxer came around the car to say "hello" and you introduced yourself. At the time, you were on your way to the beach where I walk my dogs and I was on my way to Indy for the holidays. 

If you see this know that I am kicking myself for not getting your number! I'm back in town. Do you like Indian food?

You gave me your last name. Can you give it to me again so I know it is you?



North Ave Home Depot Tues 12/13 Late!! - m4w



We exchanged smiles and hi's near the plant section super late before store closing at the North Ave Home Depot Tuesday, 12/13.  Let's get in touch.    


Balmoral Lumberjack top floor lost your contact - m4m



You are the big tall lumberjack guy I met with a few times. You loved my 9 inch cock and I loved your hairy chest. Opposites attract ;) The email we were using expired. Then I realized I don't have your real email address so I have no way to contact you now. I got the feeling that you are married so I can't just knock on your door lol. I am the 20 yo guy who's smooth ass you loved to eat. At 6'5 I am only a little taller than you. Email me and lets spend some more lazy afternoons with tongues and cocks in holes. My college has a one month break now so I have lots of time    


To the Beautiful Latina - m4w



We talked on the concourse at Wrigley Field ... You were sneaking a cigarette as I was walking to my section I noticed you and smirked. 
I have been thinking about you and how similar our situations were and would love to chat again. 
I was stupid for not giving you my number. I kept returning to the concourse after every inning hoping to find you again.
If by chance you read this I want you to know I would definitely do it without question. 
I loved your straight forwardness and honesty.





"Bad Girl" Booty Shorts wearing Female from 60th Place Block Party - mw4w



I doubt you'll read this but I can only hope you will. I saw you on Saturday August 13th at the block party on 60th Place. You were thick and curvy while wearing sunglasses and a blue top with your big boobs on display and your short booty shorts that read "bad girl". You were with a friend who also has sunglasses and she wore a black top. You also had a small dog as well. I found it very sexy and hot when you got wet when the fire hydrant was unlocked. I'm not sure you live on the block or were passing thru by I hope you're one of my neighbors. If you happen to read this please email me and send me a picture so I know it's really you and not anyone else. I'd love to talk to you and my wife would as well. Hope you read this. Bye.    


CYNTHIA CONTACTAME ANDALE ZIIP - m4w
bank drive up - m4w



This is a long shot but you were the bank teller at the drive up window on Wednesday night. It was after 5pm. You had on a red shirt/sweater. We looked at each other and smiled. You walked away to finish my transaction. I couldn't help but stare at you.   I think you were very sexy. As I drove off I glanced over one last time. If you see this and remember I'd sure like to know you better..    


Butch Walker, Ani Difranco - m4w



Your favorite musicians.

I was putting away my records today and found the autographed Butch record I got for you.

I think about you constantly. First thing I think about every morning is you and what we have/had. It's the last thing I think about before I sleep as well.

Much more good than bad is all I have for you.

I'd give anything to reconnect with you. 

I have a bunch of your Ani Difranco cds too. I come in complete peace. I know you read these. 

Millionth and Seeley. 

Sex In The City...

I miss you.    


Towne Tap Pretty Petite Short Haired Blonde Girl - m4w



I was walking out at 7:45 on Monday.   As I walked past you looked up into my eyes.  I want to see you again.    


Francesca - m4w



It was so enjoyable and all too brief talking with you while waiting for my order.  Let's talk more over dinner.    


Bander! Where are you? - m4m



I used to go to a masseur on A4A with the tagname Bander. I'm back in the area and can't find you. 
I'd love to set up a weekly again, if you are still around and still massaging.    


Looking for Lucy.



Im looking for Lucy Giannetta that use to work at the Jewel store in Homewood.I don,t no if she is still there or not she use to work in the Deli,her sister in law use to work on the Osco side.If she sees this or if anyone that no,s her or Mary tell them to get back to me.I worked with her for years.    


Redhead, elliptical/free weights - m4w



Beautiful thick ass in black pants.

Not quite a red head but blondish White a pale while complexion and a beautiful face.

You were on the elliptical when I first got there and then moved to free weights by the water fountain !

You were amazingly beautiful! 





Black Mercedes behind Edgewater LA Fitness - m4m



Lots of eye contact as I was walking to my car and then we each gave a head nod as I drove past.  Tell me what you were doing by your car as I drove past.    


Pumping gas at Costco - m4w



I was in a truck at the pump behind you. You have dark hair and a beautiful shy smile. It's OK, you should use it more. If there had been a way to offer to pump your gas for you I would have. You had already started.

I know you remember our glances even though they were brief.

The chances of you seeing this are slim. On the other hand, if you do see this, and you do reach out, there is a 100% chance you won't regret it.    


Submissive slave wanted



I will get straight to the point.. I'm looking for a woman who's not afraid to serve her master and who is completely comfortable in this lifestyle I'm only looking for someone who is genuine,obedient and honest no games no bullshit. Now you must be drug and disease free, race doesn't matter but age does.you must be over 18 and available...no guys,trannies,prostitutes or spammers period! So if this fits your description contact your master immediately, so we can get started    


I want to be a missed connection - m4w



Don't you ever wish you'd find a missed connection about you? Who's with me? I know there has to be women who check. I think I would be flattered if I saw one for me. Could be my hallmark movie ending :)    


Bernard Att manager - m4m



Light skin manager with the dreads been wanting to get your number but every time I come in you training an new enpoyee hit me up... you called me old    


Dollar tree oak park - m4m



Think your name quan you work at the dollar tree . We made eye contact wanted to get your number but was headed to work.    


Batavia Panera said hi on way out - m4w



Walked out of Panera behind you, said hi, small chat you seemed busy.. You were going home to watch the "game".

You looked so sexy. Id like to talk more.

What was I wearing driving.    


Shedd Aquarium on 12/10/16 - m4m



My friends and I were at Shedd Aquarium on December 10 and you caught my eye. I finally got the courage to talk to you and I told you that you were one of the most attractive men I've ever seen. I barely made eye contact when I said it, you thanked me, and that was it. I can't stop thinking about you and how I wish I'd given you my number. I didn't even get your name or give you mine. I know this is a long shot, you're probably straight and you'll never see this, but if this is you I'd love to hear from you. Describe me or tell me what you were wearing so I know this is real.    


Marianos on Broadway - m4m



We were at Marianos last night by the salad bar.  We made serious eye contact and then again while you sat to eat and I left.  If you were thinking the same as me, it would be cool to hang out.    


Looking for Eva... - m4w



I met you at Gold Club on 12/30. I have some stage name suggestions for you. I would like to have lunch or dinner with you, no strings attached. If you are interested and to make sure it is really you, reply to this ad with your name and where you are from.
~T    


YOU!!!!!! - m4w



Yeah you. You check these every day. You're sexy and people smile at you but never have the nerve to talk to you. You get all dressed up for classes or work (your tiny panties and bra even match!!), venture out into the fall weather, see guys who you find attractive, but no one will say hi. This is your missed connection then. If I saw you I'd say hi, but I can't seem to run into you anywhere. You're my perfect autumn snuggle fling, and we never cross paths. You don't work at Walgreens, or at Starbucks, or at Water Tower Place. You never stand in front of buildings downtown staring up at their awesomeness, and you never go to the gorgeous downtown library. You're never taking selfies in front of the Bean or sitting on the lawn at Millennium Park listening to free music. We don't go to the same bars. I *think* you're roughly 18-22, but I can't really tell because you're always in a hurry to get wherever you're going. You probably have a pic ready to go for just such an occasion, so go ahead and send it. Don't worry, we like the same things. The same movies and bands, the same restaurants and films. We even both like the same animals! And your head will fit perfectly into the nook of my shoulder after we touch each other in the bad place. So c'mon. Don't wait on me to actually come talk to you because it's never going to happen. I can't seem to find you anywhere! And you can't find me. Life is cruel like that. Help me give it the finger. 

Sincerely, 
Your Perfect Missed Connection    


Karen from Three Oaks Assisted Living - m4w



I'm sure you won't see this, but you came in to my shop today and I felt we connected. We were also linked by knowing a lot of the same people. We talked the whole time you were there. I was very attracted to you........We live five streets away from each other. I would've loved to keep our conversation going. If you see this, or maybe someone you know will, contact me.

Maybe we'll see each other again.    


bubble butt blond in LVAC locker room wed night - m4m



you have a great ass and dick and you seemed to be showing off and saw you looking at me naked as well. Off chance you see this was wed night a bit before 8.    


You told me that your life sucked and that work made you wanna die - w4m



We spoke while I ordered my sub from you today...

It was mostly me and you in the Jimmy Johns, a few other people were eating in the way back.

"I hate my life and this place makes me wanna die.  What can I get you?" you said when I walked up to the counter to order my food.

I was bit thrown off by this so I informed you of my order and just pretended that I didn't hear you.

After you relayed the order to the line cook, you spoke to yourself with the intention that I would overhear you.

"I can't believe I am 32 and working here.  I'm nothing," you said when looking at the window.  "I've told 3 customers in a row I hate myself and wanna die and all they do is continue with how I should make their stupid gargantuan.  This sucks."

I pretended to take a call on my phone at this point and that didn't help either.

"You are just pretending to be on your phone, lady.  You are just trying to ignore the fact that working in a place like this sucks dick and that you are evil for helping my employer.  I hope you go poo pee in your pants after leaving this facility.  Have a nice day here is your meal," you said as my sub was passed to you from behind.

I grabbed it and left out the store.

When I got home, I felt guilty because I could see you were having emotional issues from having to work where you work.  But now that Obamacare is going to be repealed and that ISIS is going to get what's coming to them, I can assure you things will get better.  

You also have to understand that as soon as that wall goes up, climate change is a myth and that benghazi, we don't know exactly what happened.  But we will and very soon.

So there you go.  Things will be better and you have nothing to worry about.

Hang on tight and watch America become great again :)


Ellen






Laura B. - m4w



I can't even begin to explain how bad I want you. Always have. I wonder if you've always known. I know we are both lonely and both deserve better. Why waste anymore time? Text me, call me.    


Beautiful Teacher Claire - m4w



I'm crushing HARD on my kid's teacher. She's beautiful, she's kind, she's amazing and loved by her kids and she's very good at her job.

I'm single but it's a MC because I'm not going to be creepy and be inappropriate and ask her out. So I'm just getting it out of my system here.

Siiiiiiiggghhhh...    


Everyday - w4m



I walk the same route everyday to and from work for the past couple of years. I would see you before work and after. I caught you looking my way a couple of times and it made my day a little better seeing you. I wish you would day hi.    


Impossible, really & unfortunately (and damned before it began) - w4m



I hate missing you, so I find myself confessing to online diatribes just to get it off.

This situation is really fucked, eh?

Between the serious matter of you and I, and the trivial nature of your past endeavors, and the circumstances of now... yeah, it's just a blur of bullshit.

Variables, small ones that were done mostly by my own doing, small, minute instances, are literally the only thing that keeps me from completely losing it most days. And there is gratitude in being able to have an actuality that made that craziness not go in vain.

I'll get over it, but perhaps will always wonder about who it is you will be, and perhaps, what you could have been.

Unfortunately it's who you are, and aren't, and the person you made yourself out to be and the reality, that really did this one in.    


Train Running Express Monroe-Fullerton - m4m



We talked on the train running express today from Monroe to Fullerton around 12:45 (lunch).   You are a DePaul grad student and were going from one campus to the other.   You're a handsome Latino guy and a musician.  I'm an older caucasian guy (early 50's) -- I wanted to grab your number but wasn't sure if you were being friendly or were sexually interested.   Hit me up if interested.    


Las Vegas Airport California Pizza Kitchen Bar - m4w



We were both flying home from Vegas. You home to Chicago, and me to NYC. We hung out at the bar while I polished a bottle of wine, and watched  you take a double shot of vodka (impressive) You said you come to NYC often , so I gave you my number. I think you actually texted me, but I was in Italy and accedently deleted the number. Maybe you read these? On my way to Chicago and would love to go out.    


MJ Mother Paddy B's - mw4ww



We met you both talking about soup. We didn't get your numbers. Let's hang out sometime!    


MJ Mother Paddy B - m4w



We met you both talking about soup. Didn't get your numbers. Let's hang out sometime!    


never talked - m4w



We crossed paths while I was working we gave each other a lot of looks and winks but never talked do to my job and were we crossed paths tell me were we saw each other at its not a normal place really to met people let me know were it was now that your not were I work we could talk if you think this is for you reply with the location that we saw each other    


Tabatha... - m4w



I miss you. I was a huge dick to you and probably deserve to be blocked. Just know I'm sorry!    


Your warmth remains on my lips - m4w



This wintery time of year brings me thoughts of you and us. It was short-lived and tumultuous but we did have something amazing for awhile. 

The passion and salaciousness was off the charts. 

I miss...

The way you enjoyed my kissing your neck and ears and shoulders...

The way you accepted my hand rising up your skirt and between your thighs...

The way you rolled your hips on my tongue and your thighs on my shoulders...

The way you moaned softly when I was devouring you...

The way you desired more by arching your back....

The way you looked when you were satisfied....

All of those ways and much more.

The thoughts and taste of you remain on my lips, fingers, and memories.    


Re: I haven't seen you in awhile - w4m



The post was vague. Therefor it's doubtful anyone could discern, with any level of certainty, that it was meant for them. It's missing now, adding another layer of uncertainty.
If the reference to thinking that she was "supposed to be forgiving" (thus alluding that she is not), is regarding ceased communication after an alleged misunderstanding -- reread the correspondence.
I am forgiving but when my questions are disregarded, why continue? 
I wasted two decades on someone to whom my thoughts had no importance; I won't waste another moment repeating that history.    


Meet Howard train station - m4w



We meet at Howard train station u take purpal line n I was waiting yellow line I asked ur name but u didn't tell me u look very beautiful i want ur number but ur train reached u r doing marketing job wanna c u again    


Samantha from Tinder - m4w



Hell Samantha! We connected on Tinder maybe 2 weeks ago. We wrote each other a couple of times. And we were planning on meeting last weeknight sometime.
But I never heard back! I sent my number for ease of texting VS going through the tinder app. I didn't think I was too forward in doing so. Anyways I see our connection is gone on Tinder. Yes maybe you changed your mind but I just wanted to meet and howdy and see if we clicked!
I'm Dave the designer BTW:)    


Steam works last night.... - m4m



Was at Steam Works last night and had some fun with a younger long haired skinny sub
I told you to check here to contact me for another round
Hit me up if you see this..... I need more worshiping and servicing    


50+ Thick ass, blue pants, gym - m4w



I love how you wear your diamond watch to the gym. I see that You got yourself a personal trainer. Honey, tell that trainer to go suck an egg, because that mature body is amazing is amazing as it is. And you are very pretty and well maintained!

Hot muscle dude here would love to pounce all over that.

Respond with what gym and what color your shoes are.    


Black Chick at Kohls - m4w



Was at kohls today and you helped me with an adidas t shirt. 

U key looking at me and then u were so helpful showing me where the other entrance to the parking lot was    


Portillos - m4w



We were both at portillos and you were with your husband. He was all over you and I could tell that u were not having it. U walked away from him once you saw me checking out your thick ass mature curves.

Would love to eat you ass and maybe buy you some chicken  and a Dr. Pepper some time!    


To the Beautiful Latina - m4w



We talked on the concourse at Wrigley Field ... You were sneaking a cigarette as I was walking to my section I noticed you and smirked. 
I have been thinking about you and how similar our situations were and would love to chat again. 
I was stupid for not giving you my number. I kept returning to the concourse after every inning hoping to find you again.
If by chance you read this I want you to know I would definitely do it without question. 
I loved your straight forwardness and honesty.





xsport - m4m



I saw you today at XSport Fitness on State Street around 2:30 p.m. I was already in the sauna when you walked in I was in my towel African American male with tons of tattoos. I'm not sure your ethnicity but you have a tattoo of writing on your left hip you have a beard you are about 6 3 with a muscular build. You wore black sweat shorts with a white nike sign and orange shoes. You also wore army fatigue pants  with boots as you were about to leave the gym . If this is you I'm interested.    


Big Cock at Cell Block - m4m



Sunday evening. I was at the bar with a bud. We got. Little carried away. You were hanging with friends, but kept coming over to us. Eventually I took your big dick out and sucked on it for a minute. I only had a taste before we left, but I wanna go at it with you hard. I was in a pretty unique outfit. Hit me up.    


I worked at your home Laura a few times - m4w



I worked by you several times.  You are older than me and I always wondered what it would be like to get you in bed.   You were single and in my perverted mind, I thought you may be starved for sex.  I imagined how it would be like to eat your pussy then fuck all your holes.   Such mast fantasies.    Too bad, i gave you subtle hints but you never bit.  Oh well    


TOP DJ. TIMMY AUDI R8 - m4m



Tim top DJ licence plates on his cars anyone know where he went?? His phone is disconnected.  Thanks. His friend Paul    


"Bad Girl" Booty Short Wearing Female from Block Party - m4w



I doubt you'll read this but I can only hope you will. I saw you on Saturday August 13th at the block party on 60th Place. You were thick and curvy while wearing sunglasses and a blue top with your big boobs on display and your short booty shorts that read "bad girl". You were with a friend who also has sunglasses and she wore a black top. You also had a small dog as well. I found it very sexy and hot when you got wet when the fire hydrant was unlocked. I'm not sure you live on the block or were passing thru by I hope you're one of my neighbors. If you happen to read this please email me and send me a picture so I know it's really you and not anyone else. I'd love to talk to you and my wife would as well. Hope you read this. Bye.    


Kate at Celeste on NYE - m4w



You gave me your number. I lost it unfortunately. Hopefully you see this. If you do, let me know what shot we took together...    


Bed Bath & Beyond (BBB) - Lincoln Park - m4w



Noticed you as I was walking out of Bed Bath & Beyond on Clybourn yesterday. You were standing in the vestibule as I walked by.

Me - TDH with black pea coat, black Adidas joggers, grey Adidas running shoes, green headphones, carrying box of 3 jars (for my dark chocolate and starburst)

You - black hair, black parka (CK?), tennis shoes I believe?

Let's grab a Starbucks and discuss our love of BBB.    


Meet me at a coffee shop, without your panties - m4w



We shared several emails and fantasies before the holidays. It was fun and you were hot.

You said that you didn't make it to the city often, but I suggested that maybe one day soon, we meet at a coffee shop. You said you'd be up for it. 

You also said you wouldn't wear any panties.

Still sound fun? 

I have many things I'd like to do to/for you.    


Highland target - m4m



This is a longshot but your name is John. You work at target.. You are sure a handsome guy. We have chatted before. Would be awsome to maybe get together. Let me know what we talked about recently and what department you usually work in so I know its you..    


Gonna miss u - m4w



Sometimes I wish I was more of an asshole, so I can steal you away from your life now and spend all my time making you happy. But sadly as much as I want you I can do it to you, I have no right, and if you wanted to leave I'd think by now you know you could easily come to me. I won't be seeing you nearly as much anymore, maybe it's a good think. I won't have to look into your beautiful giant eyes all the time and think how much I want you. Glad I got to meet you at least. Your pretty much the only thing that is telling me I might actually be able to find a person I like, because you are one. Just know your amazing, even tho you think you arnt.  I hope your life gets better and happier every day, good luck.    


Your bank - m4w



I come to the bank where you work. Sometimes drive thru, sometimes i come in.
I drive different vehicles sometimes. And also have a dog with me most times...

You are the nicest, sexiest woman i have ever seen....    


Re. It was you. - m4w



It will play out (as you say) what ever way you desire.  Not pretending to be your man, just an observation.  You and women posting in here hold all the cards.  You post your teaser posts here, never to reply or any intent of connecting, only to rattle our brains and feed your ego's.

So if you want to leave your man hanging, you will, if you want to be proactive and develope something, you will.  But don't be suprized if he only plays this so many times.  Sooner or later, no matter how much he is into you, he will realize there is no point anymore, the the all those cards you hold no longer have any value.

Not bitter or mad at anyone, just someone who figured out, it's time to say "when".



For the Love Stop - m4w



The things said and not said.  The actions taken and not taken.  The questions asked and the questions to be asked.  The price to pay for clarity and the cost of cloudiness.  




PinkDress1992 -- let's talk! - m4w



You're currently at Sprint Gym. I've seen you here before. Interested in an alliance?



_______ Starbuck's at Jackson & Wabash - m4w



Something about this seems kinda stalker-ish and yet, I wonder how many women would find this romantic in some sense. Anyway, I spotted you sitting there reading 'The Rest is Noise'... as cliche as this sounds, your beautiful face captured my gaze and I only pulled away so you wouldn't catch me staring. 

I'm fairly certain you work in this building as I saw you get up to collect your various belongings and disappear into the lobby, where I lost you in a sea of puffy coats. 

Oddly enough I didn't see you with a beverage in hand...so, may I buy you a cup some time? :)    


Rere: GMC Sierra



Not AJ
Not BG
Not ML
Not Cooper
Not RW
also Im not sillygirl..........


Some required information is missing or incorrect.
Please correct the fields marked in red:    


Panty girl Lisa who called into Eric And Kathy - m4w



I can't believe the guy you went on the date with didn't like the fact that you took your panties off and gave them to him under the table.  You could do that with me any time!  Where shall we meet for a drink??    


To all the hot MILFs at Whole Foods in Willowbrook - m4w



I see you there all the time!  Sometimes with your kids, sometimes without.  Often times rocking your Lululemon yoga pants.  

You're smoking hot!  I often fantasize about starting some inane conversation with you; perhaps something about the firmness of the cucumbers or the ripeness of the melons.  Something ribald of course!  

Then we go outside to one of our cars, make out hot and heavy and then go our own way.  With a smile on our faces and a little secret in our hearts.    


August 13 Pig-Out - m4w



I have been holding these thoughts for a while ever since the Pig-Out. I thought there was a lady that
 was checking me out ( name started with a K) quite often. I think you couldn't tell I was checking you out also because I was wearing sunglasses. But you sure did look damn good in your blue shorts. When I was leaving I turn around and you were looking right me. 
  If you happen to run across this and you think you are her tell me the color of my shirt. Looking forward to talking with you.    


CROSSROADS KAROKE NIGHT - w4m



You asked me out and I declined. 
I've been thinking about you ever since. 

If you're him tell me what you were wearing and the compliment you gave me.    


Fur coat on the red and replay - m4m



Me: dark hair, glasses. Shy as fuck. Black hoodie. 

I saw you first on the red line on my way home from work. You caught me staring and smiled. I almost died.  Then I saw you again at replay. 

Tell me what game I watched you play at replay before you bailed and what your first name is so I know it's you.    


Goodbye - m4w



You were right to end it. It took a while to realize (well not a while, but in comparison to how long our relationship lasted... yes), but you did the right thing for both of us. I wasn't in a place where I could appreciate who I am, and I know that you aren't in a place to be in a relationship either--especially one as stressful and emotional as ours.

I don't want to get back together, maybe some day (part of me hopes some day), but not for a long time. I want you to know that I care about you, though. I do really care about you. Not because you were my girlfriend, not because you knocked me on my ass, not even because you were there for me afterwards. I care about you because you are just an incredible person. You are so sweet and so kind, whether you want to admit it to yourself or not, and you are so vulnerable, despite your best efforts. (Don't get sassy at reading that, you can be vulnerable and strong at the same time--if anything you have needed to be stronger because of it.) More than anything, it is your vulnerability that makes you unique. It makes you precious, and delicate, and strong, and so many other things. It gives you such depth and complexity... I can't even put it in words.

You deserve happiness. I had hoped I could help you find it. I'd hoped I could make you happy. That was never my job (I literally snorted at myself reading that again), and that should never have been what I was worried about. You need to find it for yourself, and I know you will. I hope you tell me when you do, just so that I know. 

It's weird to say, but I still love you, I'm not in love with you, but I love you, and I will always think of you fondly.

Needless to say, I think it's better that this post is anonymous. Plus, who knows if this is me? Might not be. Could be someone else, you know. 12 million people in the Chicagoland area, there's lots of overly sensitive dudes who just got dumped. Right after New Years to boot! Demographics are on my side, dear.    


It was you - w4m



I gave up on this love shit  along time ago,was fine reading all these missed connection hoping they find theirs.but then you came back along...fml! I fell for it again! We shall see how this plays out.    


Mezza at 225 N Michigan - m4w



You were eating alone and so was I.  You're a brunette who had on fantastic short, tan boots and black leggings.  You got up so abruptly to go back to work I couldn't say hi.  Looking forward to seeing you again so I can say hello this time.....    


Middle aged man LTF - m4m



It was after midnight. I don't know if there was something in the looks we gave each other but you started talking to this other guy...I can only assume what you guys did after I left since it was pretty empty in the locker room. 

Your arms were so muscular and chest just the right amount of hair. Let's talk a little?    


Johns Pizza - m4m



On tuesday January 3 I seen you in johns pizza you work behind the counter. I was paying for my 2 pizzas and you came out from the backroom we looked at each other a couple of times I know you seen me looking at you and got the idea that you might have wanted to acknowledge me but couldn't because you were talking to you boss. I think you are cute and would like to meet and see where it goes.    


Of course you would delete your post. Please just stop. - w4m



Re: m to j. 


You must get off on feeling me suffer. 

Cool. You're not into us/me. I get it. I'm attempting to move on. 

So, Jay, you're making posts then deleting them. What is your motive?

Not sure if I ever told you this, but you're a sadist. 

I need to get over you.    


Josh at la farine - w4m



So.... I figured why not. We chatted a few times, mostly about pie and cheese.... and Leo as H.H. Homes. Haven't seen you in the shop in a while. Let me know if you ever want to get some tea some time, or go to the mars cheese castle....    


Girl in Half price books - m4w



I saw you standing there. you were reading a book about women studies in the relationships section. I was little  nervous said something maybe upset you. Try to talk to little bit you were very Beautiful very smart probably a artist I'm guessing. anyways if you remember me and you see this maybe the next you read that section you won't because you will have already met me    


Pretty Blue Ultra Eyes - m4w



I told you how beautiful your eyes are tonight.  I said it a few times.  I asked you your name and walked off....    


The girl who were traveling to Chicago from Columbus with a cute boy. - m4w



You were with your cute little boy at the airport terminal A-5 in Columbus OH, this evening (01-03-17) waiting for flight to Chicago. We smiled each other. Just a clue your son's and my laptops are the same brand :) 
I wish if I had talk to you. I know this is a long shot but there are no any other way to find you. I hope you see this and reply me. 
Please tell me the brand of my laptop and what's the name printed on the toy box with you so I know its you. I hope you two reached home safely.
Thanks.    


Jacked hairy guy in LVAC sauna - m4m



You are the tall, muscular, hairy guy that was hanging out in the LVAC sauna tonight. You were not shy at all about showing off your thick cock either soft or hard. I liked what I saw and liked showing off a bit to you too.    


Las Vegas to Chicago - m4w



yesterday from Las Vegas to Chicago ( spirit 356) I just want to say Hi passenger 7a.    


She liked my sweater, he liked my shirt - m4mw



I wasn't sure if you guys were a couple or single. I said I was "digging the both of you" before I said Happy New Years and walked away with my food. I should of got your names. It was nice chatting and would like to hang out sometime if you guys are interested. Hopefully somehow one of you reads this.    


re: I haven't seen you in awhile - w4m



Your post could fit many -- care to give details?  If you seek forgiveness, what is stopping you from reaching out directly?    


delta sonic Tuesday evening - m4w



I think we had a moment of eyeing one another tell me the type of car i was driving you looked like you were latina    


Roselle bookstore - m4mm



to the guy who invited me the Roselle bookstore booths today.....sorry i couldn't make it....would love to meet you guy there sometime.....let me know if you're interested    


Quads - m4m



Today, Tuesday at around 5pm.  Locker room.

Tell me something that lets me know it is you.    


A----o, who takes Uber in the morning... - m4m



Hey, did you get your car fixed?
Since I'm not driving you anymore, how about a date?
I think we were headed in that direction, eventually. :)    


Green Jacket Guy - w4m



Hey handsome dude in a green jacket crossing Michigan ave around 3pm, I was wearing all black and had my hood pulled over my bun so my head probably looked sort of lopsided and goofy.  Anyway, you're cute and I hope that we somehow miraculously cross paths again.    


Paul from Starbucks - w4m



The odds of you finding this are slim, but I thought it was worth a shot. Saw you at Starbucks this afternoon. We exchanged eye contact a few times and I sat behind you. When you asked if you could grab your charger I wanted to start a conversation but I wasn't sure how to. You talked to the people next to you for a bit (that's when I caught your name) and then headed out. You looked my way one last time as you were leaving and I smiled back. 

If you do end up seeing this, it would be nice to grab coffee sometime!    


Looking for Daniel Hurtado - w4m



Family Looking for Daniel Hurtado.  He lived in Chicago and worked at Philly T's Steakhouse. Anyone know where he can be reached???????    


WW4BM: You came up to me in the Louis Vuitton Store in Oakbrook - m4w



I was in the back...I guess looking as handsome as ever. Kind of had a cute disheveled, sexy look going on, hiding behind my tinted shades,  browsing the purses thinking which one of these will I get her to keep her happy, hell she can care less half the time about how I feel but I guess it was Christmas right? And I was feeling generous. Then you came over next to me being all nonchalant and nosey at the same time...

I guess you had to make it known how much you love your card case/wallet... I wasn't sure until after you walked away and I started kicking myself a minute or two after, realizing maybe you were just flirting with me... When you walked away, in my mind, I was like damn! Sexy white ass! You were an older, I guess well to do woman, that appears to be well taken care of...You had on black, like tights or leggings..and from the back you look like you had a nice little ass on you...But I wasnt able to make it out completely. 

Anyway...If you were really flirting and I just so happen to not get the hint..lol, I would love a second chance...lol. Let's try this again.  Let me give you what you really want!




Penny-wise antique mall salesman. - w4m



You are always at a stall on the lower, outdoor area of our neighbor hood flea-market.  I dropped by ur stall looking for a retro Playstation.  You and I spoke for a short time about how much u are obsessed with retro video games.  I hope you do not forget me, I'm Maya, the petite, busty gal that was all dolled up in the Black dress and high heel shoes.  I happen to be on fuck.exchange in the event that you ever want to get together and play silly games just you and I.    


Bartender at Appleby's - m4m



Black man looking for black bartender, server at Appleby's.  You always seem cool....would like to know you better.  I think you said your name is James........Next time I come in suggest that I start with dessert...so I'll know!!!

peace and stay encouraged.........    


Nice black man looking - m4m



Discreet black man looking for a another nice black man, ages 30-60, for discreet relationship.    


Goodbye to 2016, Im ready for 2017



Good bye to 2016, and to the people I have cut out of my life. The toxicity became too much with the lying slut, the selfish, the junky, the narcissist, and the self-righteous. 
Good bye to the bad memories, the bad times, the misfortune. Good bye to the drama, the nonsense.

In just a short time, I leave you behind as this year ends. 
The start of the new year will be a new begining. 
You all will have no place in it.
As midnight approaches, a paper, symbolic of 2016, shall be comsumed in fire, and turned to ash. 
It will be at that time, my memory of you all shall be erased. 
Old habits dropped.
New positive changes taking place.
So here's to a New Year, a new start, a rebirth. 
May it usher in new fortunes, prosperity, happiness, and peace. 

To all, a very Happy New Year. 
2017 will be a much better year.



Potbelly Sandwich Shop - m4w



I walked into the Potbelly on St. Charles and saw you sitting at a two seat table and were facing towards the entrance.

You were especially cute and we locked eyes briefly when I walked by to get in line. While I was ordering my food you got up to leave and spilled some of your drink. I was completely captivated by you and would be thrilled to get to know you.    


You sat across from me at Filter Cafe - m4w



Dear girl in the dark skirt,

I've never posted like this, but here we go... 

I was quietly minding my own business, trying to get some work done on my laptop when you decided to move from the table in the back of the cafe to a chair across from the couch I was sitting in (at around 2 or 3pm). You were so fricking cute I seriously got nothing else accomplished the rest of the time I was there. The very outside chance that you stumble on this post and indeed were trying to get my attention, send me a message. 

I go to that cafe fairly regularly when I'm in town. 

Sincerely, 
Quite guy in the hat who should have said hello    


You were in Nashville for NYE - m4w



You were in Nashville for NYE with friends u joked with me when we moved closer to the stage u were cute I hope u don't have a BF i shouldve asked u to hang with us u were beautiful let me know what u joked with me about    


lOOKING FOR A FRIEND FROM PAST  BARB CEASER



Anyone know Barb ?
Just lost track back around 2000
She is apx. 55 / had a son name : Anthony
I have a few pics I would like to send her of her and son then 12 on my boat
Jeff
two six two three 7 two 44 thirty four    


Mira at Carol Stream Starbucks - m4w



I'm a regular at your Starbucks but you are what keeps me coming back. The coffee, at this point, is just an excuse to see you. haha. I've had a huge crush on you since you started at that store but I'm just too damn shy. Maybe one of these days I'll gather the courage to ask you out, but until then, I'll be thinking about your rosy cheeks and how your gorgeous smile makes your eyes light up. And I love your tattoos. I could stare at you all day. Don't believe me? Just give me an opportunity. :D    


Cafe El Tapatio - m4w



this is probably uncouth, but here goes.... we each had lunch at the bar yesterday and i'm regretting not at least saying hello. Perhaps i'll see you around the neighborhood?

Happy New Year!    


Seeking Kelly - m4w



Talked to you last Friday at the bar. You were with a an old "friend". I noticed you left but your car (that was parked next to mine) was still in the lot of the bar. I really enjoyed out conversation and would love to take you out sometime. Please reply with the name of the bar and what we were watching on TV.    


I NEED A WHITE WOMAN TO DOMINATE ME - m4w




Hello, 

I'm a married African-American, early thirty something professional who is very handsome, educated, and very sexual. Married to an African-American woman but want to be seduced and fucked by a white woman badly!!! Til I have you screamimg how much you love my Big Black Cock!! I have never been intimate with a white woman so if you are a white woman that loves black men either out right or secretly, please let me know in your first response alongside a pic and your ideal plan or scenario on how you would like or expect our first encounter to occur. 



From Nashville to Chicago, Mr North Carolina - w4m



We met waiting for our flight to Chicago January 2nd, 2017. It was my destination, your connection. You struck up a conversation about the magnolia book I was reading. I regret not giving you my number. If you see this, please contact me.    


Five Guys - m4w



I was at Five Guys the other day and there was a couple in there with their toddler eating lunch. The wife was pretty hot, and I'm hoping if she sees this, maybe she felt the same way I did. If so send me a message!    


Hot Cashier at Aldi's - m4m



Was at Aldi's  and came to your check out line , your name starts with a "J"
I believe you have been to my house a few times to play and I'd love to blow you and eat your hot butt again !!!
HMU and let's have some fun, email or KiK tonylamb67    


Looking for Drew - m4m



I realize this is a very, verrrry long shot, but I have to give it a try!  

Drew, we met a few years ago on CL.   Somehow I have lost your email address. 

I was a str8 pilot from out of town.  You introduced me to M2M fun!  You were so wonderful!  You loved sucking and rimming.  I wanted to try to return the favor but you weren't interested.  

Drew, I've been thinking and dreaming about you for the last couple of years.  You were a very classy guy and I will be forever grateful to you. 

I hope you have found that good job you were looking for.

I would love to see you and hold you again in the future.

Please contact me!  I do wish you the best and miss you!  




Betzy (hair cuttery) - m4w



Betzy, you cut my hair a while back. You are from mexico and a dog lover. You are the most gorgeous woman i've met. Your features-so amazing... you had a rip in your pants party showing your thong and party showing some sink.
   You gave me the scalp massage and it was wonderful. I didnt want my haircut to end. I think you were into me as well and maybe i distracted you as you bumped your hair dryer into my forehead. We talked about your big family and your mom turning 94 this past summer and you said you where 50-theres no way your 50... you look amazing. I know this is a long shot, but if you read this and would like to grab a cup of coffee or a drink-id love to see you again.    


Jel, its Nate... i miss you - m4t



Jel,
    Its been awhile since we last saw each other when we went on a date on the bowling alley... i miss you... i know there was and hopefully still is an attraction, a connection between us. I hope we can reconnect.

Nate    


MONEYMOMMY from SA - w4w



Hey Moneymommy,
This is Anonymousgirl. I went to wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, but your profile had been deleted. I didn't know how else to contact you, but I was really, very interested in a connection. No interest in what your username denotes, just you. I think you're gorgeous and I just want to get to know you better. I hope to hear from you. If not, best of luck! I hope you found what you were looking for. xoxo    


the lady of Surf St. - m4w



I think you recently moved into the neighborhood because I've started seeing you everywhere. Walmart, walking down Surf, etc. Can I show you around sometime?    


Plano Walmart on New Year's day - mw4w



Older white couple with male who has salt and pepper hair noticed you. We were by the cards area. Curious if you are looking gor some friends? You had on vanilla musk gor musk for perfume. Did you notice us? Get back to us. Tnx    


Big bulging Daddy - Tuesday morning - m4m



I would've stood there longer and stared if I hadn't had to run and catch me train. 

You were definitely hanging to the right! My mouth is still watering thinking about it!

Get back and let me know what color pants you were wearing today.    


Miss you A.B. - m4w



We met for coffee several times. We chatted over text. Had me over for dinner and the endless flirting was great. I miss you being around. I miss being around you. I'm not sure what happened but we drifted. 
If you see this, my number is still the same. Or respond here if you'd like to reconnect. 
Thanks my luv    


To the Beautiful Latina - m4w



We talked on the concourse at Wrigley Field ... You were sneaking a cigarette as I was walking to my section I noticed you and smirked. 
I have been thinking about you and how similar our situations were and would love to chat again. 
I was stupid for not giving you my number. I kept returning to the concourse after every inning hoping to find you again.
If by chance you read this I want you to know I would definitely do it without question. 
I loved your straight forwardness and honesty.





To the beautiful woman I see at Speedway in the black H3 - m4w



Hi. I see you there sometimes. I know you like my truck. It's a bigger version of yours. I'd love to get to hang out, know you, or if that doesn't work, maybe a fwb situation? Tell me what I drive and what color. Let's chat!    


Green Nike at LVAC - m4m



Noticed you a couple days ago lifting at LVAC. We made eye contact a few times and you seemed interested- noticed you checking me out.  Should have said hi. You were benching in the corner in the free weights section and had on a green nike top. You're Mexican? Greek? And have some scruff. Hope you see this ad. Hit me back. Would like to meet up for some NSA fun.    


last night at banana video - m4m



met up with you around 8 p.m. - went into a private room.  you:  bearded, glasses, longer hair and a great oral guy (loved you eating my ass).  me:  older, fit, and loved blowing my load on your chest.  we talked about leaving but couldn't go to your place and mine was farther away.  would love to connect again.    


You're so naughty. - m4w



I know we said it was a one time deal, but I can't get over how much fun we had. Did he ask you why you were getting in so late? I want to see you again if you'll allow me to do so. Hopefully you still read posts on here. I don't want to say too much, but the hint is in the title of my post.    


M in MeHenry who did massages - m4m



Missed your postings. Had hoped to set something up during the holidays.If you are still available, hit me up;    


Things that... - w4m
European at americas - m4w



I saw you at americas. We made eye contact you are beautiful. .   I saw you wee with someone not sure if it was your boyfriend. When I heard you talk you became even more attractive to me. This was tonight about 1230 am at americas bar. I hope I find you if it's you what color is your beautiful hair ;) put the color in the subject line    


Hobart library beautiful girl - m4w



Hi,  you commented on my wallet. I was curious about you.  Cute Hispanic girl by the copier.    


I miss working with you - m4w



We used to work together until you had an opportunity else where that I pushed you to try for to better yourself.  When we first started working you thought I hated you with how I looked at you and you thought I was a cocky jerk.  We grew very close, went to yoga together... went for long walks, had drinks.  You broke up with your boyfriend and shortly after I broke up with my girlfriend but you already went back to him because to had time invested in the relationship.  I let you be so you could find your happiness.  I feel like contacting you just annoys you now, so I don't.  I miss you so much, your intelligence, your demeanor, your scent, the flirtatious exchanges... catching you checking out my crotch.  I miss everything about you... I hope you have found your happiness.    


Buffalo Wild Wings Warrenville - m4w



You were my server on new years eve around 5:00pm and I was with my son so I did not want to ask you if you would be interested in meeting up in front of him. I think your gorgous and I felt we had a little chemistry. Please respond if you would like to meet up and let me know your first name so I know it's you.    


Re: argument with manager at aquarium



I pray you and the male you descibe never meet and reproduce. Tapping or slapping the glass are the samething to the fish. A LOUD SCARY NOISE. You are a chaperone on a field trip for "the stupid kids" who wanted to see the jellyfish. Must have been awlful for you. The children were actually looking to have fun and maybe learn something, instead of looking to get laid. Then after lunch, you had to watch a sea turtle "which swims like a moron." I guess you may be an expert on animal behavior seeing how you were turned on by the actions of a primitive male. The nonverbal communication you spoke about being a turn on fits. I can imagine nothing but grunts and hand gestures. Please tell me you are not a teacher, or a parent? Chaperoning children is scary enough.    


Sr B - w4m
Paradise Spa Monday 1/2 - m4m



We hit it off today. You were a sexy Asian guy.  I gave you my number but your text didn't go thru though.  Message me with your name...or tell me mine.  I'd def would like to meet up again.    


Salt and Pepper dude at gym - m4m



Haven't seen you in awhile but caught you there today. You are tall, guessing in your 30's with salt and pepper hair and beard. Saw you working out upstairs and then was lucky enough to see you in the locker room.  Your locker was in a different section then mine but I had a good view of you changing out of your towel, your body is fuckin hot as well. Think you are str8 but if you ever need anything discreet just let me know... need to be discreet as well. Hit me up if interested and tell me what time this was on Monday.    


Looking for Daniel Hurtado - w4m



Family Looking for Daniel Hurtado.  He lived in Chicago and worked at Philly T's Steakhouse. Anyone know where he can be reached???????    


Shay night club - m4w



New Years You were wearing white dress, and we danced for a good hour if not more, I had blk hair/man bun. You kept saying you needed to find your friends but kept coming back to me to kiss and dance some more. Than your friends found you and for some reason took you away from me, than a min later you come back again to tell me you will be sitting over there . I couldn't leave my niece alone so I never come to grab your number and you left without saying bye. I had a great time and hopefully you see this. We didnt talk much but I felt there was a great connection between us and would love to get to know you.  Tell me what I was wearing and what side of club we danced so I know it's you.    


Handsome black man at Jewel - m4m



7:30 tonight at Jewel.  We noticed each other a couple of times.  Wondering if you might be interested in talking.  You had a striped hat.  I was the guy in the leather jacket with glasses.
I know it is a longshot, but if you see this, please drop me a line...thanks.    


Starbucks MC - m4w



I was at starbucks today sitting at the bar getting some work done. We exchanged glances several times. I wanted to say hi but you left too soon! I was wearing a V-neck sweater and jeans. Doubt you'll see this but it's worth a shot!    


Sandra?? - m4w



Sandra.  You are a cashier I am a customer. I was attracted to you at first sight and I thought we clicked 

I go through you line when ever I can. 

If you see this let's meet for a drink.    


Kendra - m4w



Hey were talking in phone chat room and my free trail ran out
 We had plans to meet. Doubt i find you on here but maybe i will get luck    


Re: GMC Sierra - m4w



I saw your post earlier but its been deleted.
Please call me, "sillygirl"!
I miss you an awful lot    


Gym Shower - m4m



We were checking each other in the showers and later in the locking room today. If you wanna mess around, reply with the name of the gym and some details of what happened so I know it's you.    


Tori New Years in Vegas - m4w



We met on the dance floor and spent the rest of the night together until your friend needed a room key.  I regret not exchanging numbers because we live so far away.  I know this will never reach you but if it does and you ever make it out this way I'd love for you to have my number.    


Deb at my parts store - m4w



If you are reading this, then I must be very lucky. We spoke about our cars, and helped you diagnose yours a bit. I had a great time talking to you, and once we said bye, I realized I messed up and should have gotten your number. If you see this, and don't mind the age gap, hit me up and let me buy you coffee. Tell me something about yourself that we would have spoken about. 

PS. You are very cute! ;-)    


middle eastern guy at gas station in white VW - m4m



hot guy in white vw at i think was a BP gas station on lincoln ave. Around 2:30pm or so, i was filling up, you drove your car by mine and looked.  Love to get to know you more man..you had beard, i think middle eastern or similar. discreet here    


Jackie fromOriginal Pancake House - m4w



I was at restaurant today and couldn't help but notice you....
I was there with a female friend
You weren't our waitress but I wish you were...
We looked at each other & smiled
I'd definitely like to get to know you!   ;)



Jacob from Gaslight Coffee? - w4m



Hi.

You seem like a guy who doesn't spend time on Craigslist, but just in case, we had a nice, brief discussion before my friend showed up and took your seat. I should've asked for contact info to continue where we left off, but in the moment I fell short. 

Hit me up with the team logo that was on your hat, and which career path we were discussing. Hope to hear from you.    


Looking for a gf/Bff - w4w



I'm mobile sexy AA dark skinned with a beautiful body: I wanna get a room tonight when I get off work some weed and touch all night til the morning. No men no couples no studs 
Must send pic    


FFC Gold Coast gym chat - m4m



Hey man. Hope you see this. We have been smiling at each other for a few days. Finally came up to you and introduced myself. We chatted later about what we do for work. We talked about travel and you told me you went to Iceland this year. Tell me where you were going to go to before you ended up going to Iceland. Also tell me something  about me so that I know it is you. Thanks!    


You ALL Terrify Me - m4w



Technically, I missed a connection with each and every one of you. 

I didn't see you in your New Year's sparkle dresses. 
I didn't see you on New Year's Day disappearing into the mimosas.

But I tried. 

Oh, how I tried.

On New a Year's Day I walked up to Division street in Wicker Park, with every intention of watching a football game by my lonesome. Maybe order a sandwich. Sit at the bar. Maybe meet one of you.

Nothing crazy. At best, there might be some idle chit chat, just to affirm I was still alive.

To remember I am a nice social human, who could engage in polite male/female interaction.

Not a phone number. I can not remember the last time I asked for a number.
I was seeking something slightly deeper, more exciting, and more memorable than my apartment.
Also, I like sandwiches.

Nonetheless, I walked up there. I was ready to pick out a bar. 

But as I walked passed them, the din of voices was high. The bar rooms packed. The seats occupied. This was more stimuli than I was prepared for. I wasn't ready. But still, I had made it this far. 

I walked passed a dozen bars. I entered exactly two. I did a lap around each. 

You, whoever might be reading this, are terrifying. 

Beautiful. Animated. Lost in fluid body language, eyes darting, dressed in new and perfect Christmas clothes. Jewelry shining, heads tilted. Slender fingers drawn across bar tops. Drinks arriving. Halogen lamplight beaming off single strands of hair. And the collective conversation. Ratcheting along like an assembly line.

There was no place for me. I couldn't even think, except to flee.

I felt tiny and suffocated. Swallowed by energy. It wasn't a dance; it was a lurching lockstep march. And the thought of squeezing into a cramped, awkward space at a bar, like a social refugee. 
This was precarious at best. Like a hand reaching through a fence with a thousand others hands.

I just wanted a sandwich. Maybe some company. 
A pretty girl to notice me? That would have been crazy wonderful.

But in the end I was too shy. 
And I walked off alone in my favorite shirt, wondering what I might eat at home.

I was Apollo 13; the sucessful failure. Or at least I said that to myself.

I wanted to connect. I so rarely do. But at least I tried. I considered that progress.

It sucks. I know this. 
But maybe someday you'll run into me somewhere more quiet.
And maybe circumstance will nudge us into a chance conversation.
I'm shy so this is how it will happen.

But for now, you all terrify me.



Been missing you Tammy - m4w



I know it's been a while, and believe it or not I think about you all the time. I would so love to relive those special times we had together. You were amazing and probably still are. If by any chance you see this, please get back to me. Let's just talk and take it from there, your call...  it's me M**** and at the time I had a gold Ford pickup truck. I'm alone now my wife passed away two years ago. I'm very lonely and just want to be with you. I've learned the error of my ways and would like to prove the to you. I work out, I quit smoking and I have a very different view on life... lets see what happens!!    


Naked Girls Reading - m4m



Earlier in December I saw you at Naked Girls Reading a Christmas Carol.  You were by yourself, I was with a woman.  You were obviously there to see the girls, and I'm not sure if you are interested in male companionship, but if you are I wouldn't mind giving you a tug while you picture those girls reading again...    


Guy who lives in building on the corner of - m4m



I've seen you on two different occasions, on my way to the red line station, entering the building on the corner of Berwyn and Kenmore. A white somewhat short guy with a trendy haircut. I'd love to chat with you! Please get to me if you see this. Thanks!    


Scott - w4m



We met getting coffee in the morning. We talked about how the line was unnecessarily long and you could figure out how to "optimize the throughput". You made a comment about having a a PhD and had to get to work at Argonne and the drive can suck but your Mazda is fun to drive.

You're not my type usually, but brains turn me on and I'd like to learn more about you. I love nerds. You'd be fun to ride in the backseat before work.

Update: I know a lot of you 'nerds' are eager and horny and the like but if this isn't you, then don't reply. I don't want to meet you or get to know you. This is for only one person.    


Jar of Hearts - w4m



Just thinking about you. Thinking about the past. It was a long time ago and a long time since we've talked. I hope you're doing well.    


Charter Fitness Tinley Park! - m4w



Oh my god1!!

I just saw the most stunning woman ever! You were working out and I could not keep my eyes off you. I normally never get distracted but you did it. I know you're married but if that ever changes, please don't wear your ring. I would love to take you out.    


Trish at Northwestern - m4w



Anybody know a Trish that goes to Northwestern?  She's studying medicine and I think her roommate's name is Cindy. She was having phone problems and now her number no longer works. Need to get in touch with everyone her- any help with that would be greatly appreciated.    


Hey MARY ! ! - m4w



Hey Mary (blonde, blue, pleasingly plump) ! It's Ross ! Knew you back in the day in the Mt. Prospect area. Your friend Lisa went out with my friend Tom (short, skinny, Afro) What say I buy you a drink ? Million to 1 shot here but then I've always been nuts. . .. . ...    


Norma at Mariano's Northbrook - m4w



Your name was Norma.  You were a stunningly beautiful Latina working a Clamato juice cocktail display at Mariano's in Northbrook on New Years Eve.  You looked bored out of your skull (Clamato being a real hard sell at that location) the first time I passed by and then you spoke up the second time I passed by.  Not the most convincing sales pitch, but you were so hot I couldn't resist.  I introduced myself and we chatted, very briefly.  I did manage to screw up and not ask for your number.  I'd like to chat again and take you out, if your interested.

Paul    


Mustang guy - m4m



Looking for a mustang guy who has a coach look. We messed around a few times a couple years back. This is a shot in the dark. Hit me up if this describes you. The type of shoe you wearing in the subject line    


New Years Day at Big Chicks - m4m



Met you at Big Chicks New Years Day near the front of the bar, you were sitting with your friends at a table.  You are tall, dark hair, Latin, handsome and your name begins with an 'R'.  I was sitting at the bar and would like meet you again sometime    


Bulging DILFS - m4m
My former student - m4w



Of course I never tried anything overt with you. It would have just embarrassed both of us. I'm considerably older, and a professor, and average-looking, and so I imagine that you probably thought of me more as a father/mentor figure than as a potential lover. Whatever the case, there was so much connection and chemistry between us, both in class and in my office hours -- not simply because you're pretty (although that's obviously true) but also because you're smart, funny, and curious. I never got the sense that your fellow students really appreciated all of that about you. It was like they weren't mature and perceptive enough to see how fantastic you are. And you really are great. I regret that I was never able to articulate that to you because of the boundaries of our relationship.

(And, yes, I know that I'm completely ridiculous for thinking about you.)    


Reaction nye Friday. By the water. Beautiful. - m4w



This is the text my friend sent me this morning:


Yo bro, so here's the thing. So I just woke up from a melatonin inspired hella vivid dream and it was just a replay of the fun memories from reaction. And I woke up and was like... I have to find this girl. You know how normally now when I go to fests, it's more of a time to kinda just self reflect and be with the music and the vibes? I don't really hook up anymore (tbh you remember when I used to headbang+mosh+hookup so much more). So anyways, Friday, the crew and I were getting water and I was rolling pretty damn hard. I looked to the left and saw this girl. A brunette wearing a grey solid dress, looking at her phone in her right hand, and holy shit, she was gorgeous. Like dude, I couldn't comprehend idk what it was about her but my heart dropped. So I walked up to her and just said something like, "hey um excuse me, I'm going back into the crowd, but I just wanted to say you are the most beautiful girl I've ever met." So she looks up and and says thank you and our eyes link. Now tbh, this is where I think it may have been just the m, but our eyes linked...hard. And so we hugged and then we pulled away, then we ended up with a little peck and I just walked away with the crew who were walking back. It's not even like anything big and it probably was like a 10 second thing, but I can't help it, I just wanna know who made me feel that way for the first time in so long. So if some can email you what I was wearing, send them my snapchat.    


cleaning apartments - t4m
Calo's BigBeefy man - m4m



You were sitting at the bar I was by the window. Not sure if that was your BF, but we made eye contact a few times.    


Stacy the rosatis customer - m4w



You've called my cell before, but it was weird that you called me 40 minutes before I delivered your pizza and called you to get in the building. At first I thought it was a glitch in the matrix and I was flipping out for about an hour.. Then I saved you into my contacts as cute stacy. I scrolled through my call history, and saw that you have called me before. You must have me saved as something rosati related and accidentally called me trying to order a pizza. You are smoking hot to me. If you read this, 902 Wisconsin number, I am into you too.    


Looking for my family D'Amico - m4w



Hello everyone, probably I'm posting in the wrong place, but is all I can think about it, my great grandfather left Italy after the war world 1 and he went to Argentina, and he always talked about that part of the family was living at Chicago USA, I'm living in USA now and I would love to meet my other part of my family, the last name is D'Amico, is someone knows something any information will be really appreciate it, thanks and please email me back    


Looking for my family D'Amico - m4m



Hello everyone, probably I'm posting in the wrong place, but is all I can think about it, my great grandfather left Italy after the war world 1 and he went to Argentina, and he always talked about that part of the family was living at Chicago USA, I'm living in USA now and I would love to meet my other part of my family, the last name is D'Amico, is someone knows something any information will be really appreciate it, thanks and please email me back    


RG - Thanks for New Years Eve! - m4w



Thanks for going out with me last night! We had a blast and I would love to do it again sometime. I wonder if you will see this??    


tracy hicks - m4w



Looking to fnd a Tracy Hicks. We attended UIC late eighties. She lived on south side.    


Crickets and Cue - m4w



Nick from Crickets and Cue 
Gave you a pool lesson you leaned over just enough to show me your t*ts
but you were too young then    


We Met At Work - w4m



I fell in love with you.
I'm still not sure how it all happened. Our friendly, flirtatious relationship turned into something more. We never kissed. Just touched. And our conversations were phenomenal. Out of this world, even. We talked about life, death, the future, anything, and it was always interesting and captivating. I miss it. So much. You were the only man in my life to stimulate my brain in the way you did. The way you held my hand in the car, the way you rested your hand on my lap. How I would stay after, long after my shift, just to help you finish up your job. Our conversations and quick jokes in the break room. The way our eyes always locked, and how there was always a connection there. I fell in love. Deep, deep, unforgiving love.

You never wore your wedding ring to work.
I found out months into us talking, that you were married. You had a young child. It scared you that I knew this information. But we still continued being friends long after I found out about your marriage. 

You kept me around.

You were 35, and I was 17. You were twice my age.
My naive heart followed you blindly, into something so dark and unforgiving.

I continued my life. I thought I would be just fine without you. You being a married father, me being a young high school student. It didn't make sense. You were twice my age.

I quit my job, for a better opportunity. To be honest, being around you everyday, broke my heart, knowing that you'll never be mine.
I thought maybe we were destined souls, star crossed.
Met at the wrong time.
In another life, I thought.
I continued and eventually I thought I forgot about you.
Everywhere I went, I thought I saw you there. Just so I can run up to you and you could give me one of your famous hugs and your sweetest smile. But everytime I thought I did, I was subconsciencely disappointed. You became a part of me that I always searched for. One day, I actually saw you. At the fair. I gave you a hug, I met your wife and child. That was all I needed to realize that I needed to move on.

Before I left work, you began to realize what you were doing was wrong. You told our boss, she separated us, and you embarrassed me. You used to tell me how we needed to be very careful and secretive. I never understood why, until looking back. You were so scared of people finding out you were taking advantage of my age, and my heart, that you covered yourself by saying that we had a fling to our boss. It wasn't just a fling to me, it was more than that. But it didn't matter. You wanted me gone, and I wanted to stay..
But now, I realize, that I was nothing more than a midlife crisis to you.    


Young irish guy seeks friendship - m4w



Hey im a 22 year old irish dude whos moving to Chicago from Ireland in April. Since id be alone initally id like to try make friends here first to help me settle into my new life abroad :) Email me if you like or you can add my kik to chat. I feel im an easy going person who loves music,food and great conversation if you feel like you wanna chat message away :)

Kik- doylerama    


NYE Reaction we were dancing at Tchami, you left to see your friend - m4w



i cant get you out of my head, you were just really fun to dance and have fun with! You were so cute too, and I couldn't get enough! :) I'm Mason, I didn't catch your name.    


INSATISFECHA GUY




THIS BEING CRAIGSLIST AND ALL, I SUPPOSE THERE IS NO ROOM TO BE COMPLAINING ABOUT PICTURES OF PEOPLE'S COCKS.  IN REALITY I DON'T OPPOSE COCK PHOTOS AT ALL.  IT MORE OR LESS TAKES A LOT OF THE MENTAL MASTURBATION AND STUPID PROPOSITIONS OUT OF THE NEGOTIATION.  YOU NO LONGER HAVE TO RISK TAKING A CHANCE ON A TEN YEAR OLD PROFILE PICTURE THAT TURNS UP AT DINNER EIGHTY POUNDS OVERWEIGHT.  HERE'S A COCK PHOTO, CHECK IT OUT, IT'S PRETTY MUCH GOOD FOR ONE THING AND ONE THING ONLY, JUST FIGURE OUT TIME AND PLACE AND OR RATE.

SO ONE OF THE PROBLEMS I HAVE WITH YOUR INSATISFECHA ADVERT FELLOW (OR IS IT AMIGO) IS EXACTLY THAT.  IT'S TWO THOUSAND 17.  WHAT IF I'M WHITE AND TOO LAZY TO USE GOOGLE TRANSLATE.  I'M INTERESTED IN THIS COCK PHOTO THAT APPEARS TO HAVE BEEN TAKEN NEXT TO A NACHO CHEESE CHIP (AND NICE CASTRO ISSUE OLIVE GREEN SHEETS ARE YOU CUBAN?  FREE MUMIA!)  BUT I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE QUALIFICATIONS ARE BECAUSE OF YOUR FUCKED UP LINGO AND WEIRD SYMBOL SHIT.  DO I WANT TO BE INSATISFECHA (OR INSATSIFECHO IF I'M CROSS DRESSING)?  DO I NEED TO BRING BEAN DIP FOR THE NACHO CHIP?  DO I HAVE TO MEET YOU ON THE CONCOURSE AT WRIGLEY FIELD AGAIN?  I KNOW IT'S HARD OUT HERE FOR A BROWN GUY WITH TRUMP COMING INTO POWER, BUT A LITTLE MULTICULTURAL LITERACY ON YOUR PART WOULD GO A LONG WAY BENDAYHO.    


Attractive Assistant/Trophy/Muse - w4m



Are you an intervert or are a wealthy male whos tired of being the guy without a girl to the family reuinion, weddings?
Attend meetings or events where the guys talk or bring thier beautiful female accessories around to brag and you havent found the right sexy girl to shut them up??
Tired of being alone with nobody to spoil when all you want is prove you can make a girl happy no matter what your problem is? 
Want other men to stare in jealousy or praise because they see who your with. Just wana show off? 
Dream of wanting to talk with a lingerie beauty as she sits on your lap and lets you...
Wellll email me. Theres a service out there for everyone.
Lets trade pics...
Every man has a EYE for beauty. Lets see if im your eye candy.
One timers to regulars.



Met at Exotic bookstore - m4m



We met 2 weeks ago at Exotic.  We went into the large room in the back of the main store and had a great time on the couch.  Our names start with the same letter.  Tell me the names and what we did that you really enjoyed.  You said you usually go there on Sunday.  There's about a 20 year difference in our age.  Who's older?    


Bleh - w4m



You're so silly. We talked about you for 12 minutes at brunch this morning and then moved on.

Guy, not girl.    


Xsport DG sauna, hot black man - m4m



Late one evening last week in the sauna, you looking very hot, you asked me a question.... would love to do more than talk....    


keepers pub - m4w



The only woman in a red dress we locked eyes multiple times I wish I had the nerve to say sum thing get to u I would to take u out sumtime u were with 2 friends I was playing pool next to ur sexy ass    


Pamela - m4w



If you find this somehow, it's S. 

I have so much to tell you, to apologize for. I miss you and wish you well. I hope you are doing great and have love all around you. I'm here if somehow you find this.    


Looking for sweet TS Leslie - m4t



Hey this is matt, I am looking for Leslie. You were incredibly nice and sweet. We chatted and talked a lot and then lost connection. Looking to reconnect and talk. You were not from the US originally. You helped me with my love of crossdressing 

I hope you see this! Please reach out!    


We made out for hours in smartbar - w4m



you were wearing a white shirt and a black leather jacket. We danced and kissed and it was so magical. I feel like we were supposed to be in eachothers lives    


Looking For Ingrid - m4w



We worked together downtown and after you left you emailed me at work. I went to respond a couple days later and couldn't find your email. This was in 2010 maybe 2009. I'm fit, tattoo sleeves.    


buco mujer casada insastifecha - m4w
3531 n broadway jewel - m4w



Cute African American cashier with the new scarf. 
I wanted to ask you out! 
Would you date a white guy?
You looked super cute with a killer body. 
Say yes!;)    


Rance on the 66 going east - w4m



Hey Rance, we met on the 66 bus on New Years, you missed your stop, then I nearly walked with you to the wrong direction of the red line. 



Met you last night - m4w



You were at a party in the Elgin area and you live in Carpentersville.
We chatted briefly and I wish I had asked for your number.
Your name starts with a "Y".
If you happen to see this please contact me and let's get together for a cup of coffee!    


re: FFC Union Station - m4m



We noticed each other on the fitness floor, and then on your way out of the locker room and my way in.  You came back in but left immediately.  
Tell me the name on the brown coat you were wearing and the color of my shirt if this is you.    


Something serious and honest - m4w



Hey there I am seeking a long term relationship if you are that person feel free to message me we can have a talk. I am Asian 5'6 average body use to work out a lot still pretty muscular I love cooking if anything also a photographer ha but yeah let's chat. Age does not matter to me.    


MC with Midnite Kiss - m4w



Did you miss that Midnite Kiss, too? Tell me about it. It's been 4 years since my last frenchkiss...going on 5 now it's 2017.    


The Closet - m4m



We were talking at The Closet after midnight--you (wearing a blue and white shirt) were there with a female friend, so was I. You left alone; I wasn't sure whether you'd want to get together at some point. 
If so, tell me which country we were from and your name.    


Ace hardware in Ogden av. - m4w



I've seen you a couple of times and I really like you. I just don't know how to tell you. You have the most beautiful eyes that I've ever seen. You helped me to tape the bag of salt I bought yesterday. I hope you read this.    


Show me some sort of sign - w4m



Although I haven't directly said I have feelings for you, you have to know I do. I feel like it could be mutual but I can't really be certain. It's making for a very confusing situation for myself. 2016 wasn't an easy year and I really don't want to set myself up to be hurt in 2017. 

If I push you away I'll always wonder what could have been... but if you aren't interested or have someone else then I need to focus more energy on finding my someone.

Take a chance and send me your initials.    


Nbk Ct - Corner Bakery - Hanukkah Bush - m4w



You took my order Friday December 23rd. Had a nice innocent banter between us.  I think there was something we both enjoyed about it!  Tell me what I ate and who I was with so I know its you!  Wondering if you need help trimming your bush!    


You yelled "new year new me!" just before throwing up at Wendy's - m4w



We were in line at Wendy's just before midnight.

We both were looking at our cell phones and not saying much as we waited for our order number to be called out so we could pick up our food....

You were crying a little and appeared frustrated as you texted someone on your phone.  You then picked up an incoming call and yelled something about being in a Wendy's on NYE and being drunk and hating everything, including your mother who 'didn't even write a card when your cat got sick,' you had yelled out before hanging up the phone.

Suddenly the clock struck midnight and the employees did a mild celebration and we cheered along and went with it.  This is when you yelled out, 'NEW YEAR NEW ME!'

Following this you threw up profusely on the ground by the pick up counter.  Because of your pride, you went to run out the exit but slipped on your puke and took a hard fall which knocked over a garbage can.  An employee tried to help you up but you somehow interpreted the gesture as a hostile act and her and you began to wrestle with each other until a few more employees were able to physically prompt you outside with a broom stick and some shouting akin to the sounds one would hear in Hotel Rwanda or Blood Diamond.  

Then when you got outside you tried knocking over a red eye box with some kicks and punches but it was locked really well to a pole and it didn't knock over.  

I have no idea what happened to you after this.  You were pretty and wanted to say a greeting to you.

Do you have a boyfriend?  Also what type of autism medication are you on?  Next years Amtrak train is going to have a new fusion filled carbine diesel system convertor which is going to really change the game.  I eat lunch now.  Call me on phone after coordinating through email then date.

Keith

P.S.  I have autism.  But problem for me it is not.  We are dating now.  You are happy.



Sweaty Fun - m4m



Had a great time tag teaming a sexy bottom with you this morning. Loved your beard and how you let me tongue fuck your hole while you plowed the bottom. Would love to have some more fun. Hit me up with the dirty stuff you said to me so I know it's you ;)    


St John malt Brothers - m4w



You were at st. John malt Brothers Friday night sitting by the door and we made eye contact few times. I was in a dark grey hoodie if you remember me say hello.    


You work at Plum Market - m4m



Doubt these missed connections ever work but I saw you yesterday (New Years Eve afternoon) at Plum Market. You work there, and were putting some items away in the cold food area (yogurt, milk etc). You are older than me, handsome, seemed like a nice guy.

I'm younger 28 years old, short dark hair, athletic look. I'm extremely discreet. We exchanged a brief hello and I walked passed you a couple times, kind of lingering in the area.

Anyway if this sounds like you please email me back. Maybe describe your looks and my looks more in your response.



McGee's Missouri - m4w



You didn't have a ticket, but somehow got in. Blonde sitting at a booth. Happy new year.    


Montrose Harbor - m4m



34m sitting in my black SUV this morning and u pulled up next to me. We exchanged many glances but too nervous to approach. You got out to use the restroom but door was locked. Tell me what kind of shoes u were wearing. I thought u were very sexy.    


RE: WHERE ARE YOU - m4m



Still looking for Norman? I don't mean to be unkind but you need to face reality.  If Norman is A) still living, B) is still in the Chicago area, and C) reads CL missed connections he's obviously chosen NOT TO RESPOND. 

To all the other guys who keep renewing old posts, please take note. If after three re-posts the subject hasn't replied the odds are less than one-in-a-million he's going to contact you. Move on.    


Blonde guy from Reaction NYE - w4m



you're the cute blonde guy who looked about 17 from the Reaction NYE music festival in rosemont last night and we were dancing together but my friend wanted to leave suddenly and I went with her. don't want to say bye!    


Can't get over your latest visit - m4w



We got a little too close this time but I can't stop thinking about it.  I wanted to bring it up afterwards but I was afraid.  Now you're gone again.  I miss you.    


Legends Mokena! Blonde Bama fan - m4w



I held the door for you and your BF or husband. 

You are honestly the most stunning woman I've ever seen. You seeing this is slim and none but if anyone from you table see's this. Please tell her. my god, I would love to have a drink sometime if your situation changes.    


Re: can't get over your last visit - w4m



"We got a little too close..."

We were close. I was afraid to acknowledge it. I'm always afraid to acknowledge the little moments that have happened; especially anxious of the ones that could. The longing feels palpable at times and yet I can't convince myself it's not a projection of my own making.

Was it near your bookcase? The closeness? Standing so near after you'd hand picked me a book? I looked down at it, you looked at me speaking, I was too afraid to meet your eyes.

I'm guessing not. Because then you would be the him I'm thinking of and I would be your her.

I have no him. 

Don't get me wrong, what I've mentioned happened. These things and the existence of a him are real. (Sorry longing poets but a completely fantasized connection has no place here.) There is an existing him but not a him that is mine in any sense.

And yet. I wanted to double check. And I wanted to ask - regardless - if you hadn't been trepidatious, what would you have said?    


Grind time - w4w



Looking to to suck Titties and grind pussy come on now I'm mobile I need Someone who can host I'm ready to grind all on that pussy now I'm horny asf let get it    


Re: And help them learn your name Y - m4w



I asked you, how are things to which you replied 'there's so many things' on a "home-y" barstool. If it's you, reach out, I'm awake & willing to address the rabbit hole. Either way you could easily mask it with 'had a great time thanks    


Rivers Casino - m4w



To the beautiful girl there with me happy New Year wish I had a chance to spend more time with you    


And help them learn your name.



This fish, it didn't have a lot of functions.

Eat.
Shit
Swim.

Occasionally the little fucker out of nowhere got a creative bent, would start swimming out lazy eights that wind tighter and faster and more strange, until they were incomprehensible half-fractals.  Thirty seconds, a minute, two minutes in insane burst, and then: nothing.  You might have thought it was dead the way it would float with a minor list afterward.

Spent.

All of that paled in comparison to what it was really good at.

Rage.



You couldn't put another fish in the tank.  The thing was alleged to be semi-social, would swim in twos and threes with its own kind, but that didn't matter.  Today you'd put a neighbor in; two days off you'd be lucky to be netting out the remnants of a corpse.  Otherwise you'd just wash the guts and detritus out of the filter  when it got thick and started running rough.

I tried a few solutions.  Tried some extremely dumb fish (dead); a bottom-feeder alleged to not have trouble with most aggressive species (that got left on the bottom as a sign).  Even went with a crayfish and that poor shelled fellow got turned into a appetizer; fucker swam around with one bleached white leg hanging out of its mouth. 

The fish died eventually; you can't stay fueled like that on any kind of long-term; but damned it if it did not stay pissed from the front all the way to back end of its existence.



Every year, I'm less angry.  You can stay in love, that's just work, punching in and out as the days peel off the wall calendar; fucking itself just date and cycle alignment along with throwing the switch at  precisely the right moment.  You can thread a relationship along the bumps and months of your living,  a bunch of goddamned stretch goals, and grind those fuckers out.  Make a list of the shit you think you want to hang on your wall, and the spend the years getting it.

I have anger now in burst transmission, but can't stoke it.  I get fucking  perspective along with it, see some sides, take a minute to think.  And what kind of shit is that?  Civilized is what it is; you can't pop blue pills for bile enhancement.  The truth lives in the tragedy: you love the way you hate.  Something bright and clear burning right in the middle of the forehead, sixth-chakra fucking madness that clarifies, that separates, that gets you off the floor and out of the bed and free from the chains.  How hard you'll break out is how hard you'll grab on, love.

Getting hurt can keep a lot of folks on the defensive, whether it's to embrace or assault.  They learn how to play cautious, how to follow directions and properly interpret nonverbal cues.

They ought to worry about getting used to it.  





We twa hae paidl'd in the burn,
frae morning sun till dine;
But seas between us braid hae roar'd
sin' auld lang syne.




St. Louis - m4w



I honestly noticed you were gone, and im not a meanie, if by any crazy chance you feel the same way and happen to see this, drop me a little info on where we talk, who knows maybe ill just ask you in person    


Happy New Year to my friends! - w4m



You know who you are! You're the lying slut, the selfish, the junky, the narcissist, and the self-righteous pricks. I wouldn't have it any other way!    


To H.K. - m4w



I couldn't know if you knew me, Hxxxhxx
What I do know, is that a timeless serenity overcomes my whole awareness of my existence
          whenever my consciousness becomes from you    


Pens fan...you are my Diane Lane - m4w



Another year without you and it's okay. I know that one day, it will be the two of us. I can't explain it, I just know.

Please know that I miss you, and I know you don't read CL ads. That being said, putting out here in writing makes me feel a little less lonely tonight, and I hope you're in a good place for now. But know there is a better place for us. If you can feel it too, and in the VERY unlikely event you read these when he goes to bed or is out of town (way too often in my opinion) reply to this with where we went to our first concert together. 

Until then, happy new year's kiss.    


Handsome Middle Eastern man - m4m



We both live in Rogers Park. I've seen you a couple of times on 147. Our eyes always meet. I think you are Middle Eastern. I wish you would see this and get in touch!    


My pet rock and you 17 yr Shepherd - m4w



We sat next to each other on the plane. We talked about your dog and horse.  I lost you in ORD.   Tell me where your parents live.   Would like to have coffee or something?    


Brief meeting - m4m



Hello,
New year's eve afternoon about 3pm.  We connected at the sauna briefly.  You left before me and I didn't get to give you my contact info.
both older than the average crowd there.  tell me something specific so I know it's you.  who paused us?would like to meet again.    


looking for the lovely woman I talked with briefly at the Joliet casin - m4w



...I sat next to you at one of the slot machines...I gave you my voucher... If you know how much it was for, then I know if you're the one..    


M. at Burton Place - w4m



We met on 12/31 in the wee hours of the morning. Your friend was a bit tipsy and you bought my friend and I a drink. We talked for awhile and then you bolted rather quickly. I called after you, but it was too loud. I should have pursued you, if only to tell you that you were a delight to talk to. Yes, you are very good looking, but you are also intelligent, interesting and a gentleman. A rare and dynamic combination, which in itself is enough to prompt me to post. From what I saw in our brief meeting, you are awesome... keep it up. That is all.    


NYE fun - m4w



I am in town for New Years Eve and am looking to have some fun, the kinkier the better. I have a room at the Hyatt Regency and would love to use this room for what it is for. I am 34 and am open to age    


WHERE ARE YOU - - m4m




I've been trying for some time now and am still looking.  Why ?  Because I think it's worth it !!

Hey    NORMAN P  -  Where are you !

I've been looking for some time now....wish you'd respond.  I know this may be a long shot, but I think
it's worth a try.

We had some good times together a long time ago when you lived in the Palatine area and
I'd sure like to see you again and maybe, just maybe, renew our "friendship".

If you happen to see this, get back to me.    


Hot guy in red sweater at the holiday CPS teacher/union party - w4m



Hey....

We met at a holiday CPS party for union teachers in Lincoln Park a few nights ago.  I won't mention the location of where we connected because I hear the owner is still trying to get someone to pay for the one door breaking off due to some fight which broke out later that night.  You had on a Lacoste red sweater.

We started speaking by the punch before eventually moving over to a table.  We talked for a few minutes about related CPS issues before finally talking about personal items, which to me was kind of a turn on.  I told you about my dog and how I want to build a back porch at my house.  You talked about your lesson plan and how you'd like to be the first teacher to get a student to intern at SpaceX.

After blowing several lines of coke together at another table that invited us over with their bottle service, soon we started making out outside the restroom of the place and almost getting caught in the process.  We stopped ourselves but agreed to leave the party and then have you come over my house.  So we separated and planned to quick walk to our cars before I would text you the coordinates of my house and kitchen counter I was telling you about that happens to be waist high ;)  However, since I left before you out the front exit, I was in my car when I saw that you had slipped on ice really hard just after exiting the building through their side door/exit.

I began to get out of my car but then I heard you crying in pain so I brought myself to a pause in order to study and psychoanalyze you.  In a weird way, I wish now that I would have just left or came to help you.

You were crying really bad as you held your elbow on the ground, your cell phone also missing as you had tossed it while you flipped head first towards the ground during your initial fall.  After a few minutes as I began to softly walk backwards, you stopped whimpering to blow out a large snot rocket, before you eventually returned to whimpering.  

"Doesn't anybody care about nothing?" You asked this to the sky after your idea to take off your shoe and throw it at the side window yielded no reactions from the inside.  

I could not tell if you had a particular injury at this point so morally I was conflicted with two questions;  should I help or should I not help?  This was important because nobody really left out the side door and I wasn't convinced help was right around the corner.  The front entrance was across a large lawn on the other side of the building and sound was well camouflaged by the lakeshore drive traffic.

Being as helping would have delayed me from wearing sweatpants after smoking a bowl and flicking the bean, I was forced to choose the 'not helping' option.  This is something that would not have happened if you had not revved me up by you being so hot with me just 30 minutes earlier, so you are mostly to blame for this.  

Ultimately though, I decided to take mercy on you soon after I left the parking lot in my car because my morality kicked in due to the seat cooling down my vagina.  So I drove back towards you and from a distance, I tossed a bag of some taco bell I had got through the drive through down the street.  I know it landed by you because you started swearing after the lemonade popped open in the bag after hitting the back of your head by surprise and admittedly I will own the fact that I wasn't thinking clearly when I made the decision to put a drink in there as such.    

"HEY WHO DID THAT!"  I'LL FIND OUT!" you screamed before eventually speaking to yourself in a low tone to figure the situation out, "Am I....  .... in WestWorld?"

And then today just after learning you were hospitalized with pneumonia, I learned that one of the christmas gifts that I had ordered for myself was not going to be delivered until AFTER the new year.  And I think this is why we are both drawn to be teachers at CPS, because kids need to know that there is no point in trying to be a good person when bad things are just always going to happen.  Kinda like how I thought you and I were going to bone really hard but then you slipped on ice.  Even if I had helped you, my christmas gift was going to be late.  

I think that is something worth reflecting on as 2017 nears.  That we must become a people who don't help each other as much because Determinism is the only king. But listen to me carefully, I am determined to make sex with you once you rehabilitate (if you are able to) and if you remain moderately good looking after doing so.  I don't think your face took a hit.

Once you recover I think you should drop me a line and let's continue what we almost started.



- Carole    


nye, real, valpo - m4w



I hate going out on nye.  Just got some sparkling wine, rum chat a, and rum.   Just need someone to play with.

Anyone want to ring in the new year with a bang?

I'm real, no guys.    


I think we had a moment ... trader joe - m4w



Lime jacket, you ... long puffed jacked joga-ish pants sneakers ...beautiful eyes ..
we crossed each other paths at the store few times ... few glimpses ...and I cant get you out of my head ...
if it's you reading it .. you felt it too :)    


Lone Wolf Thursday - m4w



We met. We kissed. Then it went sideways. Alcohol can do that, but I so very much want to see you again under sober circumstance. Immediate chemistry. I should have taken your number. Midnight would be an excellent way to say "second chances" can work in a first impression world.

Have no idea how this works but I believe in NYE magic. 

I'm sorry-so want to make it up to you....    


Soundbar bowtie guy - w4m



Met you last night at Soundbar and we spent a bit of the night together. Grabbed some Mexican  food and went back to my hotel. I know this is a longshot but if you somehow see this I don't think I got your number and I wish I had.    


Prairie Stone Steamroom - m4m



Anyone else enjoy the steamroom at prairie stone? 

Average normal guy here. Seems like there are some other guys with wandering eyes too.    


Hello looking for hand job - m4m



What's up guys 
I'm 35 years old 
206-180 cm 
I'm looking for just hand job
If you're interested send mail with your cuck pic again with your cuck pic thank you so much and happy New Years 
I can't host    


Missing you Karen. - m4w



I felt such a connection with you Karen. I dreamt about your lips, about your large full breasts about how you said you would close your office door, think about me touching your pussy and masturbating in the middle of the day. I think about you lowering your breasts to my lips while you ride me. 
I know you weren't my wife, but I felt something special for you nonetheless. It's really too bad you ghosted on me....    


Madeline. - m4w



Hey! So you are a beautiful girl. I would love to take you in my arms and kiss you-- take off your clothes and hold you with my nose buried in your hair. You're just quiet and awkward enough that you're driving me crazy in a good way.    


Guy at restaurant bulge huge



Was a group of us, gay males, moms, swingers.
You were the guy walking around checking on everything all we can see is your huge fucking bulge thru your jeans, huge cock. We all want it! Especially after we went to bathroom and you said it was ok to grab it!! You gave us your kik which was MMOE99 


Anyone want this guy u should fucking grab his cock! He's huge come fuck us anytime daddy    


bulge showing would u grab it?



My bulge is showing and I can't hide it.  People notice it all the time and couples whom want a 3rd in the bedroom always grab it and tell me to fuck them.  Now I am free and so horny looking for couples, moms, females, more then one , very experience boy toy here 

Kik:mmoe99    


You were at Bar Louie last night - m4w



We gave each other plenty of looks, and I was with my brother and his friend just out to have a bite, and catch up. Didn't think I would see such a beautiful woman get I'd noted by everyone, but that wasn't my intention! I saw you :). It is a long shot you will see this, but if you do, don't be shy    


whats the hardest you've ever laughed? - w4m



i'd left new orleans early and alone, not wanting to waste any more time with a client that i wasn't in the right headspace to see anyhow. i spent half an hour walking through the sticky heat, sweating and sick after drinking earlier in the day and days prior as i had a lot around then- miserable and not sure where things were going to go next. not really caring. we'd spoken for an hour or two on the phone the day before, and i think i'd texted you again that morning- i'd said something at some point and turned my phone off after texting you. i wanted you to wonder too. my behavior was awful and manipulative. guilt had later gotten the best of me and thats when i'd texted back-

but not before i got to the bus stop. i saw a kid there, maybe 16, dirty long brown hair and an army duffle bag. he had a couple stick and poke tattoos of some punk band names on his arm. i sat next to him. he asked how i was doing, not as if he cared much but in the cordial southern way as people do down there. i told him how i was doing- shitty, you? my voice was warbly like a shy kid on the first day of school, thinking back on how rough the day was. he had his arms folded and was looking down. he replied with a fine thanks.

he asked if i was from there, and i told him no, and where i was from. he told me he was going home to north carolina but had been bussing&hopping trains from alabama to nola to north carolina a lot of his life. turns out he was 17, and had been squatting around the deep south because his parents weren't really around and his grandparents, who lived on an orchard in north carolina, didn't really care what he did as long as he was alive.

'do you like new orleans?' i asked him, and he told me he did. paused a beat. 'my friend od'd on heroin in a house down the street from here.'

i laughed. i felt terrible. i laughed so hard, and long. it was his delivery, it was why i had ended up at the bus stop, it was everything coming together in a moment of serendipity taking me over the edge and me laughing. not at him, not with him. i told him i wasn't sure why i was laughing and he kind of just looked at me and looked down again and that got me going again. i'm not sure why i laughed as a horrible thing to laugh after someone says it but it was how he said it. or something. reflecting on this now i hate myself for having laughed at that but i can feel the laughter in my stomach and chest and the relief it had given me, i laughed to tears, uncontrollably, real laughter that i hadn't been able to in months-

he wasn't upset thankfully.

i texted you then, and turned my phone off again.

we talked more. talked and talked. someone had given us an edible assuming we were in the same league of degenerates who take coach busses and we ate it and dozed off together through alabama, mississippi, all the way to atlanta. him and i stopped into a 24 hour cvs off peachtree and ate snacks in that little square, me telling off a crackhead in my wanna be tough northerner way and he dealing with the drunk and mentally unstable at the bus stop in his yes sir, no sir sweet and respectful southern way.

he got on the bus at 4am, i left at six. sometimes i think he's an angel.    


BurrRidge - m4m



hey.. u r mwm and we chatted in steam room LTF today ..NYE after your run..I would like to chat again sometime .. hmu    


To S... - m4w



I'm pretty sure we could have written a better ending to the night if the situation would have allowed for it! Let's finish that conversation sometime;)    


Too shy to say hi - w4m



I see you most days on the Metra morning train downtown from Hanover Park.  We only recently exchanged a few words. You have the sexiest smile!  I'm 5'4" 180lbs brown hair green eyes. You, light brown hair light eyes about 5'9" or 5'10", back coat.  Hoping this finds you!    


To All the girls who did not Swipe Right part 4 - m4w



-Meghan, 31
Personal trainer.
You are "new to this" . (That is what they all say.)  
You also say that you are very blunt and that I can ask you anything...
...What is your number?
My favorite picture is of you in a Los Angeles Dodgers Cap, even though the Cubs are better than they are.


-Stephanie, 23
You apparently like Beer and Comedy.  (I am the man of your dreams based on those two categories.)
You say you attended a College in Florida but are originally from Louisiana.   How in the World did you end up in this Cold Chiberia????
My favorite picture is of you drinking a glass of wine in a pretentious way as you flaunt off your long sleeved Harvard Law School shirt.


-Hanna, 32
You claim to be a Makeup artist, a business owner and a Paralegal.  That is quite a list there.  Do you even have time to date?
You own a pitbull and an Ewok type of dog. (How cute).  I bet they are like the odd couple.
You love Pizza and Whiskey which sounds like a perfect cheap date to me.
My favorite picture of you is of you and your puppies dressed up in Bears gear.  (Go Bears.)


-Rosario, 26
Your profile is a little disjointed and random.   That is a way to my heart.
Maybe there is a bit of a Language barrier here but I understand Spanish after taking it for about three years in High school... ... so no Problemo.
You say you  like exploring, travel and teeeeth.
You also say "Megusta Flores Tambien".
My favorite picture is of you sitting on a large rock next to a beach.


Angelina, 33
You love Sports & guys who have beards.  I love sports and can grow a beard so we already have to to talk about on out date.
You also admit that you love to travel, have a tattoo and an 8 year old boy.
(I don't mind any of that.)
Your best picture is of you and some other cute girl at an outdoor bar I imagine is on a beach somewhere much warmer than it is here.

Emily, 29
Miami , OH U.
You organized a list of things you like as follows:
Naps, Pizza, Sarcasm,Honesty.  
Girl you got your priorities straight and I dig that.
My favorite picture is of you sleeping in what appears to be in a Giant letter "E".

Tori, 29
Another girl who is apparently "New to Tinder".  
Welcome to the party.
You are Russian/Chicagoan.  That sounds so exotic.  I like it.
You also say that you are addicted to travel which could come in handy because I have always wanted to travel abroad.
You like being active and sports.
Cutest picture of you is that one of you in a purple dress standing in the middle of a green meadow.  One that would make Disney's Bambi feel at home.

Kimberly , 39
Indiana Hoosier

You moved here from San Francisco to be closer to your family.  (How adorable.)
Looking for someone to explore the city with.  I like exploring!
My favorite picture is of you and some brunette kissing your flexed right bicep.

Ariana, 26
You ask if my dog is seeing anyone.  (Not currently.)
You then go on to say that the famous person you have touched was Billy Joel.
You should Tell me about it sometime.
Things you like doing seem to all be on stage.  Like music, comedy and slowly dying.  (Oh how you slay me already.)
You finished off your profile by name dropping "Cher" as someone who tweeted you.
My favorite picture is of you sleeping next to a puppet that looks very similar to Lamb Chop from the PBS show.    


Saw you at the Granville red line - m4w



We locked eyes once on the train, but I saw you first on that platform and thanked god for pretty girls. 

The train was empty, mostly, so I gave you your space, but now wish I sat across from you instead.

You got off at Bryn Mawr or Thorndale while I was looking at my stupid phone.

Me: black coat, short, handsome.

Find me, let's have a good time.    


Old Town Pub - m4mw



You were the fun couple down stairs Friday night December 30. We had a nice chat but unfortunately I had to run.  I would love to continue the conversation!    


sexy woman kankakee ymca - m4w



i see you in the gym often i notice you looking my direction we should do something about it im married but would love to have some fun.    


Man in red jacket at Jewel - w4m



We were at the Jewel at Broadway and Addison yesterday afternoon. You were tall, dark hair and wearing a red coat. We checked out at the same time and I smiled at you when you turned as you left. On the way out you headed south as I walked north home. I'm sure this is a total long-shot, but you never know!

If this is you, please respond with what I was wearing/look like.

Happy New Year!    


Sam, I want to have this with you - m4w



Youtube Haley Reinhart - Can't Help Falling in Love With You (Paperman)

I already feel like the paper man since I told you that you were gorgeous before I worked there.

S    


Mike and Denise (aurora - m4w



We kept making eye contact tonight you were with two other people, I was in a group and I wanted to give you my phone number before I left but I had to drive me drunk friend home. Tell me what I was wearing to weed out spam! I really hope I find you!    


Every six months - w4w



S-

I get really excited every time your 6 month appointment comes around.  We were going to meet, when you were married, but then I realized you were a patient and thought it best that I acted like I was flaking on you.  Worst mistake ever, because now when I see you I want to be with you so bad, you're so Beautiful!  You always give me the most amazing hug, I don't want to let go.  Just thought I'd try to let you know, I'd still like to meet outside of the office.  I'd love to hear about your trip to the Far East.  Happy New Year Sexy Girl!    


Undoitall Brooke - m4w



56 male from Oak Lawn.  There you were, short sassy brunette.i hope you see this. I will send you my pic,  if you can describe what you are wearing    


Brookhaven Beauty - m4w



Saw you in line at Brookhaven...we have an instant connection.  I'd like to see you again.    


... The Songs ... - m4w



The radio plays, but the songs don't work.
i try to write, but it just gets worse.

One little line, i guess it's two

i try to sing, but the songs don't work.
i try to write, and it just gets worse.

Like a pouring rain.
Soaked to the skin.
You flood my mind again.

Like in a pouring rain
Soaked to the skin
The same thoughts cling

it's almost 2am
and what a mess i am
All those dreams i had

And i try to sing, but the songs don't work.
i try to write, but it just gets worse.

Some express the heart
Or tell of it torn apart
i can never seem to start

i know we never met
Then why's my mind so bent
on a day spent with you

And i try to sing, but the songs don't work
i try to write, but it just gets worse.

It's almost three
with a sigh, i close my eyes
and finally start to dream

Like a pouring rain
Soaked to the skin
you flood my mind again

And with a sigh
I close my eyes
And start to dream

Of holding you    


RE: Missing You/Do You - m4w



Would love to know if it's really you... Let me know how we reconnected? You look amazing btw!!!    


Girl at xsport schaumburg - m4w



You were wearing a pink top and black booty shorts. You look great!
Let me know if you're interest, you caught me looking..
Describe what I was wearing and what I look like so I know it's you    


Hazelgreen 46 or 47 years ago. - m4m



We  were sleeping out in our fort & drinking. One took off his clothes & the others were too intimidated to play. I'm not afraid now. Let's get together. S, email J. I'll take care of you.    


Super horny for a 3some - mw4w



Hi ladies. 
I'm looking for another women. For my hubby and I. 

Let's smoke and have some fuckin fun 

You gotta feel and look sexy 

Hmu ASAP.    


Re: We Are Still Here After So Many Failures - m4w - w4m



Curious, why on earth are you still posting here if it has all been a series of failures for you??

Perhaps, you need to reprioritize and decide what is most important to you? Having a hot bedmate OR connecting with someone whom may not be your ideal - once their flaws surface?? If you set unrealistic standards, no one will ever measure up on either end.

Obviously, MANY people on this site will always remain anonymous because they are not in a position to make a real commitment. Some may actually meet up for NSA sex but that only lasts so long. Then, you're right back to square one....

Perhaps you should take up a new hobby while you pussy shop around here? Oh and for what it is worth, not all women are into big cocks either mister big stuff..Lol

GOODLUCK :)    


Do You Remember? - m4w



We never talked about it
But I hear the blame was mine
I'd call you up to say I'm sorry
But I wouldn't want to waste your time

'Cause I love you, but I can't take any more
There's a look I can't describe in your eyes
If we could try, like we tried before
Would you keep on telling me those lies? 
(Telling me lies)

Do you remember? 

There seemed no way to make up
'Cause it seemed your mind was set
And the way you looked it told me
It's a look I know I'll never forget

You could've come over to my side
You could've let me know
You could've tried to see the distance between us
But it seemed too far for you to go. 
(So far to go)

Do you remember? 

Through all of my life
In spite of all the pain
You know people are funny sometimes
'Cause they just can't wait
To get hurt again

Do you remember? 

There are things we won't recall
And feelings we'll never find
It's taken so long to see it
'Cause we never seemed to have the time

There was always something more important to do
More important to say
But "I love you" wasn't one of those things
And now it's too late    


I regret it every day... - m4w



Cutting you out of my life.  I loved you with everything I had & I'm realizing it was the biggest mistake I could've made.  Even though we were only together a few times physically, we shared a love deeper than I ever could've imagined. I think about you all the time & miss you dearly.  

I wanted to contact you on your birthday a few months ago but I didn't know if you'd want to hear from me or not.  I hope you see this & you are well.    


re 4am - m4w



Still miss you , was checking this around that time.................. what do we do ?    


re: when will we finally give in



Waiting on you. 
You know you teased me thursday night by intentionally having your half hard cock hanging out the bottom of your shorts, for my eyes to see ....knowing damn well that I was running late to my meeting and couldnt stay to play. 
All which left me again also wondering....when will we finally give in? 
Time for that long over due suck fest. The coast sure is looking quite clear in both directions isn't it?Finally? 
If so...Hmu. You know my number






Pink Hair Deerfield Metra station - m4w



My first time doing this, but I'd love to say hello again! 
I can't stop thinking about you and I wish I talked to you more. Maaaybe u feel the same and that's why you're reading this?!
You got off a northbound Metra train around 1:30pm on November 11th at the Deerfield station. Your hair was pink. You had the nicest smile and we said hello. I had a hat and a guitar. I think u had red shoes? We looked back at each other a few times as you walked down the platform. If I wasn't frantically searching for my ID, I would have said more. I wish I did. 
Where did you go?
Who are you?
Wanna go out for coffee or something sometime?
What just happened?!?!
Praying for a miracle that you see this and we connect!
Thanks for the smile and hello! 



Muscle studs - Lifetime - m4m



Friday around 3:30pm there were a few beefy muscle studs in the sauna. If you were one of them, hmu. I'd love to suck you off.    


Tall Mature Woman At Jewel - m4w



I was at the Jewel this morning helping a friend with her shopping. You are a tall, mature, fit woman with amazing hair; a classic beauty. You were with someone, I suspect it was a daughter.

I didn't see any rings on you, but I have to confess I didn't get a clear view. I don't have any rings. 

Rarely have I seen a woman walk with such purpose. 

Our eyes did meet and you smiled at me. I nodded.

So, long shot here, if you're available AND you see this, reach out. I believe this has potential.

Reply to this post with the location in the store where our eyes met.

I'd like to meet you. I'm certainly enchanted.



Comales-Pilsen 12/28 - m4w



You were the light skin Black girl possibly mixed. You had Blueish/ Purple hair & Black boots. I was sitting at the table waiting for my food. We both ordered to go. And I remember u checking your bag asking for more Green salsa. Lol 
We exchanged eye contact inside, even when I left I seen u outside. I knew I should've said something.    


To Diana - m4w



You always seem to get to me. I don't know how, but I can't get you out of my mind. How does every one you take care of not fall in love with you? You are extremely attractive. I could stare at your eyes and your smile forever.
But it looks like you have a ring on, and you say you have a boyfriend.
I wish you would take advantage of me when I'm in your seat. It would be our secret.    


Marsha - m4w



I'm looking for a woman named Marsha. We worked together at Accurate Transmissions in Mundelein, Illinois around the year 2005. I'm sorry, but I never got your last name, and if I did, I just can't recall it. You worked in the back of the warehouse by the shipping. I delivered parts.  We worked with a guy named Mike and you sat with a woman; I believe her name was Sue.  We didn't know each other for very long, but we always talked. You were always so nice, and it made going to work a better experience. I think you had a son.
You were older than I was. I know some years have passed now, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about you.

Please, if you see this, write to me. Accurate is no longer there, so I can't find you. That's why I'm posting here.    


Linda who worked at WARDS - m4w



This is such a long shot...
You worked at Montgomery wards in Village Crossing. I can't remember the exact dates, but it was before 2000. You probably don't remember me, but we flirted a lot when we saw each other. I never worked there, but my Dad did.
I saw you one more time after you stopped working there. It was at Chilis at Village Crossing. You were with someone. I said hello, but never made a move, something I regret.
Because after all of this time, I can't seem to get you out of my head. I loved everything about you.
If you read this, please write me back. I never really got to know you, but I would love to.    


Gabby turning 39 - m4w



Just saw on my calendar that your birthday is coming up.  Always wondered whatever happened to you.  Was there at midnight that one cold evening but you never showed or replied.  No matter.  It was nice to chat with you just the same.  Just wondering what happened.  

Tell me your nationality and birthdate so I know its you.  Lets chat a bit again.    


BALD GUY AT BILL KAY FORD - m4m



I apologize for staring, I seriously couldn't help it. I hope I didn't make you uncomfortable bro. You got too much wood to be wearing jogging pants with no underwear...ijs lol    


We work together - m4m



We work together and I'm sure you've seen me gazing at you from time to time. Today you smiled at me while I was talking to your supervisor. Let me know if you're ever interested in going out for coffee or something. So I know it's you, tell me the company we work for.    


Happy New Year? - w4m



This is gonna be so great. Thank goodness I hung out with a friend of ours last night so she could tell me that a few weeks ago she point-blank asked about "us" and you denied having anything but platonic feelings for me. Pretty big surprise to me, considering that we hang out with eachother every chance we get, not to mention the fact that we continued to do so AFTER you had that conversation with our buddy. You must think I drop everything, boyfriend included, to spend time with ALL my best "guy" friends. Day trips out of town, boozy sleepovers, heartfelt conversations alone in a car - all totally normal behavior in your book, eh? Maybe there are a bunch of "me"s in your life, but I don't do this. It's just you.
Seriously, the way I see it is that you're either too "nice" to avoid me or tell me you don't feel anything for me (or lazy), or you're just using me. I guess it's probably nice to have an almost pretty roll-dog of a "friend" around when it's convenient. Well, you're gonna have to find a younger, newer model this year, because I think I'm finally starting to see things clearly. I hate feeling stupid and confused, and mixing in heartboken makes this an even tastier holiday cocktail.
Work is gonna be SO FUN in 2017, amiright?

-"Anybodys"    


LTF Locker Room Friday Morning - m4m



You walked toward me naked to get a towel. I couldn't help but notice you "tugging" a bit.  You then went to the shower and when you came back out to go to the steam room you seemed a bit fluffed.  You didn't stay in steam room long.  I might have lurked a bit, but it was worth it in the end - for me anyway. Tell me what you had around your neck so I know it's you responding.  Same time tomorrow?  Would love to join you in the steam room.    


You asked if I wanted your number, I said no - m4w



OK, maybe one of the dumbest things ever. I don't really know what I was thinking. I know this is a long shot but my friend told me to give it a try. So I'm here giving it a try. We kissed and it was nice. I want to take you out to see if there is chemistry-there seemed to be some. Let me know where we met and why I was a jerk.....    


Bioshock Infinite - m4m



You come often to get a large coffee, we had a brief conversation about NYE and video games. Damn handsome 

If you see this, tell me the name of the coffee shop I work at.    


You work at an assisted living home in Evanston. - m4w



I was moving in a new resident which required us to roll everything from one side of the building all the way to the other side. I walked past you a few times and every time it seemed as though we were checking each other out... I even caught you turning around to check me out after we walked past each other. Anyways you were gorgeous  and I would love to get to know you. If you see this and feel the same then shoot me a message. Tell me something that will make me know that it's you.    


Yes I miss you - m4w



We were off and on. to me everytime we got.close, you got scared. was that for the kids? I don't know. What I know is I miss you. miss your warm smile to light up my world, miss your whisper in my ear. miss smuggling with you and off course the sensual touches and mind boggling sex.
Please forgive me. If we can't be together for the kids, can we still see each other?  I won't call or come to your house. we can just meet in the bar luie or the motel. Please.    


the "scumbag millennial" - m4w



At the very least, you are my infinite type. I can't get you off my mind in the most natural, least creepy way. Let's meet up sometime and talk shit about annoying people around us. Unless you were just being a lush. In that case, kill yourself. 

lol    


you walked into 30N LaSalle - m4m



Want to continue and finish what was a brief moment?
Checked you at the restrooms, you were patted on the back by a hot mature man
I was the guy walking behind you both very hot men
 Either one of you get back to me and tell me where we ran into each other while doing our business




Brunette at Crosstown Pub (Naperville) on Thursday - m4w



Looking for the cosmopolitan brunette wearing the White/Black Wool coat at Crosstown Pub on Thursday night.  You were sitting at the Far end of the bar    You ordered the Wings Platter and a beer.   I chatted you up for a second, just before your table was ready.   Would love to buy you a beer sometime.  If you'd like to knock one back, please let me know what type of beer you were drinking.
Cheers and Aloha....    


Mariano west loop 9am - m4m



You was in line behind me. Sexy tall black guy.. We talked about grape bodyarmor drink... let talk about more..    


Dec 27- California Clipper-Ashley, Annie and Abby...it's 'Ave - m4ww



Hey...I met you three sitting at the bar at the California Clipper on the 27th and made a very poor job of figuring out how to stay in touch when I left.   And staying in touch is something I very much want to do.   I could just blame the bourbon but instead I'll just say I just kind of cocked it up.  I'd like to get back in touch, do some mea culpas in the form of a couple drinks and continue with the entertaining time we wuz havin'...you guys are great.   
Yours,
'Ave (aka Dave)    


Grindr Maybe? - w4m



horny young female that was looking for something different.  went on grindr.  found you.  we had amazing sex (the oral was top notch). wanna do it again. call me, maybe?    


It Is Coming! - m4mw



2016 has been a rough year for celebrity death. Know that your own death will come like a thief in the night, then you will stand before the throne of the Maker of the Universe and give an accounting of your life. When this moment comes, you NEED Jesus Christ. Jesus loves you. Read the Gospels! (Matthew, Mark, Luke, John)    


Passed by the hot tub - m4m



You were sitting on the benches next to the hot tub at Innwood as I walked by dressed after a workout.  We met eyes for a moment a gave each other the "what's up" head nod.  Would like to catch up, if I read you right. I'm there 3-4 Xs weekly.  Have to be descrete. 
Email me back if you get this.    


UA 1964 SEA-ORD - m4m



You were the adorable flight attendant with the round glasses alighting from the early Friday morning flight. I was the tall guy in the nearby Hudson News. We locked eyes as you walked away with your flight crew colleagues. A trip into the depth of your eyes expanded my horizons!




BurrRidge - m4m



We met outside Starbucks in Hinsdale.. you are a student in NY... we talked in your car b4 u left for school. Would like to talk more.    


To H.K. - m4w



I feel peaceful... feelings of transcendence whenever I am aware of you in any form of existing...because it continues to amaze me...

we can be doing it, whatever it is.... you know    


Brit - m4w



God damn...
You have a magnificent ass...
I could not stop staring at it.
You even caught me a few times.
So yeah... you need to know you you have a great ass    


Do you - w4m



So do ya I do yeah do you! I miss u tons wish I could see you!!!!!!!  Message  two    


To Rosa my favorite masseuse at heavenly massage - m4w



You have an amazing personality and I love my sessions with you. You are so easy to talk to, and unfortunately that makes the time fly by. I would love to get the chance to have conversations with you that are not timed. I doubt you will see this, but if you do it's your client with the big strong dog.    


Feeling so stupid can't believe she was talking to me - m4w
I sucked you off this a.m. (Friday) - m4m



Early this morning 7:30ish (Friday 1/6) in your car at the park ... wow you came quick!  But I didn't complain.  lol  Repeat???    


CAROL SWAYNE HAPPY BIRTHDAY - m4w



HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAROL ANN SWAYNE enjoy tomorrow 8 of JANUARY,from all the gang in MADISON WI. if you see CAROL wish her a HAPPY BIRTHDAY.    


My imagination



I saw the post about acting out from aching or being in pain. Then it was gone.  I'm sure that is the real stuff someone wants to know about.  All that other stuff we do to each other gets in the way and ruins everything.   I know in the back of my head that I really made this whole experience up in my head.  I wanted the person that I thought she was to want me.  To help me and take me in her arms and hold me and kiss me.  I have been just withholding goodbye, hoping for better.  Those are just the sorrows of life, people die and they leave you and you can't fix what seams fixable.  I'll be fine.  It's is fine.  It's really sad.  Goodbye lovely.

JD    


Re: One Memory



You 
all
are
dumb
that's just my wisdom talking.
..........................................
......
........
............................................................................    


#7 bus, North bound, Everett, undercut hair chick - m4w



You had an undercut hairstyle, with a design cut into your nape. You got off right on the last stop before Everett Community College. I love your style and look, and you had a nice smile and pretty eyes. Reply if you're interested chatting. Or if you'd like to hang out.    


Matt Lake, you hunka hunka - t4m



Matt Lake, you hunka hunka, I know you had to leave me cuz your wife was coming home but baby, I need you back so bad! Oh and you left your boxers here too. I started rubbing them on my dick. I miss you baby, wish you come back and suck my tits and lick my asshole more. I love when you put your tongue in there. When you leaving your wife, Patricia, for real tho?

You know this hot chocolate wants more of that white stuff. You know you can't live without this dick.    


ONE



Is it getting better
Or do you feel the same
Will it make it easier on you
Now you got someone to blame

You say
One love
One life
When it's one need
In the night
It's one love
We get to share it
It leaves you baby
If you don't care for it

Did I disappoint you?
Or leave a bad taste in your mouth?
You act like you never had love
And you want me to go without

Well it's too late
Tonight
To drag the past out
Into the light
We're one
But we're not the same
We get to carry each other
Carry each other
One

Have you come here for forgiveness
Have you come to raise the dead
Have you come here to play Jesus
To the lepers in your head
Did I ask too much
More than a lot
You gave me nothing
Now it's all I got
We're one
But we're not the same
We hurt each other
Then we do it again

You say
Love is a temple
Love a higher law
Love is a temple
Love the higher law
You ask me to enter
But then you made me crawl
And I can't be holding on
To what you got
When all you got is hurt

One love
One blood
One life
You got to do what you should

One life
With each other
Sisters
Brothers (SISTER)

One life
But we're not the same
We get to carry each other
Carry each other

One
One    


I guess I missed you - m4ww



Dear Life,

I guess I must have been sleeping or looking the other way or something. Maybe I was knocked out on the floor unconscious or hiding under my bed, maybe I was on drugs or drunk or out of it from the gas they used to give me inside those tents so I could breath when I was a kid. I remember being young and healthy and felt immortal and didn't realize this world was filled with hatred and violence. I remember laughing out loud and then being bullied because of the way it sounded. I was so naive to think that the world was full of people who were kind to each other and treated each other with respect and dignity. 

I remember being in the hospital when I was 11 with pneumonia and having a dream filled with people dancing and making love to each other. I think maybe I died for a while under that tent but it was probably just a dream. The guy across the room from me was a couple years older and said he had fallen out of the sky and landed there. I think he knew more about the world than I did. He knew not to trust anyone and that life was just "the big suck" until it ended and then you got to be nothing forever. 

This thing god that we've invented is just a way to torture people. I think there may be some sort of afterlife but if our consciousness continues after our bodies die then its more inter-dimensional physics, quantum mechanics and string-theory than anything related to a "god". I hope that when our bodies die we just sort of wake up outside of ourselves and wander the universe. It would be nice to be able to go check out a supernova or a black hole. If there is any place that resembles a hell we are living in it right now because when we die we don't have any neurons to cause us pain so we aren't cold or hot or hungry or tired. If there is an afterlife then this thing we call life is just a ride like the Matterhorn at Disneyland. 

Sorry that I missed you, maybe I will have another chance next time around. I remember lying out in the sun once a long time ago and thinking that I was too skinny. I really was skinny. I remember having these black pants I wanted to wear that were a size 30 that were too baggy for me. I should have hitch hiked to the southern tip of Baja California and learned to surf. I could have slept on the beach or under a tree, I could get a job selling t-shirts or something. I created my own prison and refused to leave. I thought I needed to stay there, go to school, get a girlfriend, "do" something with my "life". It was all bullshit and a lie. It still is but now that I realize it and I've spent my whole life living a lie I'm too old and fat and out of shape to do anything but wait for death.

You should have told me, wrote me a letter, called me on the telephone, given me a sign. Maybe you did but I didn't understand or I ignored it. I'm sorry I missed you. I know lots of people got on board and some of them are still riding the train and a few of them are driving the engine. They don't remember me and if they do they are too busy enjoying the ride to stop and say hello. A few of them got crushed under the bus or ran into telephone poles or got shot. I think they may be waiting in line to get back into the ride now.

This world for me isn't as it was advertised. Its not full of love and joy and happiness and awe. Its full of hatred and bile and greed and dishonesty. I think I must have missed the bus. I think I was sitting on the bench waiting for it to stop so I could pay my fare and get on but the driver just passed me by like I wasn't there waiting and the next bus is late. Really late. Like not coming at all late and I'm still waiting at the bus stop. 

So, Life, if you are on that Bus enjoying the ride, just know that I miss you and I wish I was with you, seeing the things you are seeing and doing the things you are doing. It really sucks that I'm going to miss out on all that. And if the Bus driver didn't stop on purpose I hope someday he or she gets stranded like I am now.    


Sport Clips Dream - m4w



We have met a few times now. Positive there is a connection, but it is always so busy that I am too chicken to ask for your number. I will see you again soon, just hoping you find this, as 3-4 weeks is a long time in-between seeing you! You liked the band on my shirt, and we shared a Christmas movie title recently as a clue. Cheers!    


Beautiful blond stocky daddy at chevron gas station today morning - m4m



I really hope you can see this add. You were very nice and above that very handsome blond stocky daddy in your 50's please if you see this reply and tell me what car were you driving and what did we talk about. Thanks.    


The arena - m4m



Host at the arena. Hot. Damn.

Couldn't take my eyes off you during the game. Hit me up if you wanna hang.    


looking for Melody - m4w



Met you at the laundromat and was smitten. You told me about your family and years in the navy. Would love to see you again.    


ELIZABETH FROM PRICE IS RIGHT - m4w
To the Universe - m4w



As you say sometimes, I'm just throwing out to the Universe. We're both married, so I say this, in this forum. You know that I think you're Gorgeous, cause I tell you. In another life, you may be a artist or I may find you running your moped shop at a beach, but I'll search for you. You are my sunshine on the darkest days. I love your smiling and the sparkle in your eyes when we talk. I truly enjoy my time with you and cherish every moment. If you think this is you, send me your initials or just tell me you read this. Or just know in your heart, that I care.    


My wife's friend... - m4w



How cliche right?  But I have a crush on my wife's friend.  She's cute, bubbly, fun, and incredibly sexy.  I tell myself all the time.. relax.. this isn't good.. But when I see you, you shoot me that smile and my heart beats like crazy.  Sometimes when I'm not paying attention I find myself fantasizing about you.. just my arms around you.. my lips on you.. my hands on your body.. urg.. I just can't shake it....

I both love that you come around and hate it.  Maybe you feel the same.. who knows.. Either way I just had to tell SOMEONE..    


Re: ...it's not easy..... - w4m



Maybe if you put something that could connect you to him, you might get what you are desiring!    


Crap job psych eval mistress - m4w



As soon as you sneezed at my talcum powder in the check out line I knew you would recognize who I was in the psych eval for the position you have posted on your front door. Thank you for the bokeh of flower pens, I washed them in the hand sanitizer, and drew you some dollar bills I can make you. Have a good day baby chub chubbs, Eskimo kisses, out.    


yesterday at Bella - m4m



Saw you yesterday. You liked my underwear. I would love to connect with you. Tell me what I was wearing and what we talked about.    


Marcia Brown where are you? - m4w



We dated early 90's then u met someone else and got married he was lame u were adventurous don't believe your still married unless he learned a lot since then.    


Kamilche trading post Tom boy blond - m4w



Beautiful young tomboyish gamer clerk. You sell me smokes and I am just crushing on you hard. I'm older but hoping your interested. I joke u look like Jodie foster let's hook up    


Passionplay28 who are you? - m4w



Passionplay28, who are you? What does your name come from? I'm curious to know. I think evereyone out there has a secret life someway or another. What is yours? Your screen name has me wanting to know. 

You have a pretty face and beautiful eyes. And a smile that looks like you can be a bit rambunctious. 

Maybe you'll see this, maybe you won't.    


older blond in Tully's in the morning - m4w



U where a ring but being there tells me your not getting it at home, you got a great body for your age, interested in talking?    


Re: looking to clean apts, houses - m4w



If this was your ad please get back to me about what we talked about. Still wanting to meet! I'm off today and tomorrow hopefully you can get away. Please email me back with what we was talking about! Hope to hear from you soon.    


Fred Myer parking lot - m4w



I was walking through the parking lot towards the store wearing my sunglasses.  You were walking towards your vehicle in jeans and a brown coat pushing your cart.  We exchanged hello's and smiled at each other and when on about our business.  I would like to chat with you if you feel the same.  It was between 2 to 230pm.    


Erika - m4w



For now, let me say, without hope or agenda, just because it's Christmas -- and at Christmas you tell the truth -- to me, you are perfect, and my wasted heart will love you.    


ECA Katie - m4w



Your name was Katie, we stood at the desk at the gym for a while and talked to the receptionist, you said I look familiar and asked my name, you were kinda cute. I've never done this before, but I just couldn't get my mind off how cute you were and was kinda hoping you'd see this by some off chance and hit me up. Hopefully you see it, and you're single ;)

What was my name? Where do you work?    


The 6th Floor... - m4w



you helped me get some pesky paperwork in order. I only had a few minutes, but you made it happen. overall, it was an excellent interaction... 

pop quiz: a filthy man happened to call me while we were wrapping things up. he has a loud voice... which allowed you to hear him say...?

you're probably happily married or otherwise unavailable. that said, you're a total fox, and you friggin' dazzle me.    


Anthony at the Northgate 24 Hour Fitness - w4m



Thanks for the tips on fascia and the foam rollers. You're cute! We should get a drink after the gym sometime. :)  Katy    


Edmonds Inter urban trail ~ 5pm thursday - m4w



Hi, you were walking your dog, I was wearing a blue jacket & yellow work gloves (I looked scrubby, was just working on my car before). We said hi...you're attractive, coffee sometime? :)    


2000 - w4m



I remembered someone tonight I met the summer of 2000. I was fixated like a horny lil puppy. He was beautiful. He had confidence and was sexy. Not conventional but fun and exciting. I slept with him several times. Never admitted how I felt. We stopped talking and I ran into his mom a year later. He finally passed away. I admit I dated a lot but he was one of my regrets. I dont want pity I had fun. Regret is poisonous. Dont allow it i had fun sharing that. Life is too short. Im not ashamed of him or how I felt. Unconventional for reasons im not sharing but special just the same.    


King & Queen - w4m



I've been in shock. I can still not wrap my mind around the trauma that's occured.
My heart and psyche are broken since I was so violently and harshly discarded after so long. 

I never once left you, and had decided to stay with you thru sickness and in health.
I tried to get you/us help, so that we could move forward with a positive future. 

I can no longer push for healing. It's up to you to save yourself    


Otter Violinist - m4m



You were the sexy otter violinist with a full head of hair dancing at the Eagle a couple weekends ago. We met up at Steamworks and then went back to your place, after. 

We both had a good time. If you're out there, and you read this drop me a note. Tell me what my tattoos are, or the major cross street near your apt bldg, or what language the background music you put on was in.    


haiku for hearts - m4w



.


.
When you read my post
then you know that I am here.
It's a one-way street.


I'm not complaining. I have a good idea that you are there. At least a few of you are 
because we've chatted, or you reply on-line, 

or you are one of those guys writing to tell me they aren't interested in reading my posts 
every day, 
and I should go away. 
(Why do you read them, then? You must like them, or like to hate them at least.)

So even though I am writing to you, I feel free like I'm talking to myself. 
(But not out loud on the bus, or talking and then answering myself. I'm not that guy.)

I don't belong here. I'm no one's missed connection. And yet I sense I am part of the scenery; 
an attraction for new visitors, and a safe, familiar voice for some "regulars".

I believe we are a motley crew, and there is a range of reasons we are here.

The point is, you never know...
You never know who is listening, or who sees us as we go by in life. 
The best policy is to treat each person we meet as if 
they are just the person we are looking for. The one who can help us.

And to do so means we are potentially that person for someone else.

Where ever they are. Where ever you are.



.

.
.





Wish I had done alot of things - m4w



Having been told it's about time to get over something that happened years ago, somehow I can't let go of the happy moments in such a whirlwind of a relationship, knowing it's unhealthy to focus on a particular moment in our lives... Yet those things like being everything you looked for in a partner one moment and in an instant becoming a cause for your depression. Being kept on the line only to watch your cat as you leave town to come back and don on outfits for another man. Sure nothing worked out with him and committing to a long distance relationship with someone from your hometown was another step.  If memory serves, bringing up musical tastes you'd mention him, all those years ago. 

Even though its been ages, her face still drifts through my mind like a spectre of former hope. It crushed me then and continues to hold back any feelings of self worth. It's caused anxiety, self depreciation and a lack of personal growth that's unbelievable even to me. 

"your not my dad" and damn right I am not, but you ended up going to school anyway, ended up enjoying the city, enjoying the night, but leaving me to wonder what "not right for you" means, well maybe jumping the gun on future plans of a happiness togethor was assuming too much, but holy crap consider how little effort was put in, that you moved here and were shown the town, and as soon as social network was developed, I was set back to the spawning grounds.  
The rage is gone, the youthful ambition to see lots of different places with you, also gone, and to be quite frank, the following relationships didn't change how I felt about what had happened.

Letting it go is one thing, but when it comes down to not driving down a particular street knowing your car might be parked there, knowing that it took 3 years to cut hair... the actual stunted emotional development of having  actual feelings reduced to nothing more than deleted correspondences....

Typing all this out doesn't begin to summarize the flood of emotions of how sexually manipulative, secretive, unwelcoming and down right rude those times you shunned me were. Even several years down the road, an opportunity for therapy came about, and trying to describe what happened reduced me to a whimpering, shaking, shell of a man. 

You'll never see this, and even if you did, a misunderstanding or disgust that anyone could even show this much vulnerability would lead you further away.              How irrational is it that some small part of me still thinks you might call one day? Worse yet, knowing that my pride would pick up that phone call and be callow is yet more horrifying.  Hell what would I even say, that very little progress has been made? 
A lot of people say to be more optimistic, but trusting others has become insanely difficult ever since. Like those simple things I said actually gave you the self confidence necessary to crush a heart like that. 




Pizza Hut dude - m4m



Hope you see this  Red head Pizza Hut delivery dude from 6th Ave in Tacoma your hott you alway  stare me down and ask me ?    


North smokey rest stop - m4m



I pulled up in a truck next to you you are an older man in a truck i went used the rest room we had a lot of back and fourth looking at eachother i did not have time to chat your seat was leend back look like you where rubbing your cock i would like to meet you    


I'm yours - m4w



When every part of you is pulling you toward a specific person, but you know it's never going to happen (my life). You are first in my mind every morning and the last to leave every night. It has been this way for over a year now and my feelings just get stronger. I have tried distance and distraction. Distraction helps, but never lasts. When I think of you my chest fills with anxiety because I have more love and affection for you then I can show you within the confines of our friendship. You fill me with so much hope and good energy when I see or speak to you, but, still my heart aches from the distance. Is it possible to be friends with a person you are in love with? I have thought about telling you that I can't do it anymore, that my heart just can't take it; these thoughts are fleeting however as the thought of loosing you shakes me to my core.    


RE:one memory is all ways here



morpho..... interesting but sadly...possible but not ebough... and assuredly I feel that she.....would have to be truly connected to see any of this    


Melissa - Hottie in fife with daughter and black and white car - m4w
Blonde G at FM - m4w



This is crazy! I have never posted here, but realize that this is the only way to say it out loud. YOU my friend, are a bonafide fox!!! A natural beauty for sure and personality to boot! Cute as heck, can only imagine ......sigh....thx.    


dodging bullets/holy heck - w4m



"Be who you are, and say what you feel, because those that mind don't matter, and those that matter don't mind." Dr. Suess. I ache, and am acting out. It's just me; all woman, and a little human.



Megan - m4w



We work for the same company, no you will never see this and I doubt I will ever see you again, but you were very attractive and I just wanted to say that. :)    


one memory is all ways here



it's so weird until yesterday/today I have thought about you and wondered how you've been, knowing I promised to come see you but figured you would never remember or care, and yet that one memory. I don't have many lasting memories without them being significant....odd there you are. after I gave up I had one memory .....the first time I met you...weird what is the significance....I search and relent, figuring maybe it's just a memory no meaning just a flash before death.And yet it's still there...even now vivid as some of the things I saw growing up....what is the significance....and then a reintroduction....a longing for a friendship if nothing else....multiple memories...crazy I still am not sure of the relevance but I will let the memory sit at the forefront of my mind...you were the first of this new kind of woman..the first who had so much impact on my definition of what I truly longed for...so young....there is no way she can be so wise and ignorant at the same time...wonder. a crush possibly, more like a mutual understanding...or so I assumed. talking shit all the time is a great way to disguise truth. M    


Patricia - All you wanted for Christmas - m4w



I tried once before when you got flagged/removed.  A married for married thing but no touch. 
If there is a God, you'll be catching this.    


24 HR Northgate - m4m



We generally work out at the same time around 5/6 pm.  You are younger, probably 5' 7".  Today you were wearing a red soccer jersey and dark shorts.  You had a red shake bottle.  Would love to hang out.  I'm around your age, 5' 11".    


Rite Aid in Juanita - 6:30 pm New Year's Eve - m4m



We chatted twice.  You're nice, I like you!  I should have invited you to join me for beer and pizza.  I'm a bit shy, sorry.  Please HMU!    


So unbelievably cute and sexy - m4w



We work together at the same company, but in different departments. I come down and wander around your area frequently. Mostly due to business related issues but also in hopes of seeing your sexy smile and pretty face. You are a doll. Some clues-

Our company "fishes" for commodities to sell
You are "tied" to your cell phone because of the nature of your work
I have been known to be a bit sarcastic

Here's to seeing you tomorrow hopefully! Your smile makes my day...    


REDBOX Auburn - m4w



Today you returned three movies, and we chatted shortly. You had blond hair, and I was on my motorcycle. Please mention the movies you returned so I know it's you. I am shy even though I was confident, and I truly regret not asking to give you my number. I know this is a long shot, but worth a try...Thank you    


Elizabeth on late Horizon flight from Portland - m4w



It was the last flight back to Seattle from Portland last week.  You made some good jokes while our flight was delayed.  As we deplaned I said you were excellent and you called me great.

Meet for  a drink?    


RE: Younger curious about older - (flagged post) - m4w



Your post was flagged just before I mailed my reply.  If you posted the ad, please reply!  I'd love to chat with you and see if we're mutually interested.    


I would totally hit on you on the beach - m4w



and your little dogs too.  don't know why I"m so shy about saying "Hell Yes!"  Especially if coming up from behind, your scrumptious hind side curves have drawn me in so many times...  
you say you want a relationship.  What kind?
Human contact feels good if it is fun and playful.  Maybe intense?
You know where to find me.  We just need to find a space/time where we aren't distracted by chatting.  
You treat my fantasy life well.  Are you interested in Really going into regular real life?  Let's take it home, let's do it.  Maybe a kiss under the mistletoe before I take it down?
D    


Guy with Glasses at SUBWAY - w4m



Gosh, you are gorgeous. Your probably married, in which case your wife is extremely lucky. 
You were eating alone at 4:40pm at the Subway on Kitsap way. You were wearing glasses and had a  grey jacket on. I tried not to stare as you were eating because, that's just weird.  LoL 
Probably a long shot that you'll ever see this. But.. I just can't get over how much of a cutie you are!    


Spectacled dyed strawberry-blond librarian - m4w



You: long-time library employee/volunteer, currently rockin' dyed strawberry-blond hair and dark horn-rimmed frames.

Me: long-time patron, who once-upon-a-time embarrassed you (methinks) by awkwardly trying to strike up a conversation by noting the joyfulness in your stride.

Today: you escorted a patron somewhere out of my line-of-sight, then you returned to the info desk via a route which brought you right in front of the desk I was at, and then, just after you passed in front of me, you paused to nonchalantly examine some book on the shelf just to the right-front of me, then left it there and sauntered back to your station.  You could have taken umpteen other routes back to your station--including the different one you took to escort the other patron--but you chose to pass right in front of me, and then you just happened to notice something requiring your attention almost directly in front of me--I don't believe in such large coincidences, but I'm too shy to approach you again in the library, so if you want to get a drink or some such, you'll either have to reply to this, or be more forward next time you see me in the library.    


planet fitness hydra-massage - m4w



you sat next to me i had all the tattoos... just thought id try and see if your intrested in talking...    


Hot dark guy at pro - m4m



You were a hot - super hot - asian / indian at the PC hot tub area.
Very sexy bod, and a super cute cut cock. You seemed to be quite casual abt showing off your hot bod when towelling off...

Was wondering if you would like a guy experience...or u are strictly Straight.    


Looking for an old friend.... - m4m



I'm looking for a guy that lived on 220th in a yellow townhouse. We got together a number of times until you moved downtown someplace. Let me know if you're interested in getting together again. I can remember the first time we met... do you?    


Darker individual QFC Employee - m4m



You work at QFC, darker skin tone, usually at the self checkout area....I see you every time I stop by to shop and just wanna strike a conversation...hopefully bend me over or something lol 

send me a face pic and i'll reply super fast    


Handsome Tow Truck Guy - m4m



Trying this again...

You helped me out Wednesday Dec. 27th and were late, but I didn't mind.

 I'm Sorry you had trouble with the bearings on your truck, but still glad you came out. Man you are hot, we had a good chat, I liked you and wanted to say more, we shook hands, and dude you got a good grip would like to know what it feels like on other places.

Not sure if you will ever see this, but definitely want to see you again.

      - Boss



LOOKING 4 GINGER -  AUBURN - m4m



I have never been with a true red head ! I would like to
find a ginger between 25 and 45 to get naked with, 
shower with and enjoy some time in bed naked next to
each other!!  I am masculine, but also very affectionate !!

I m white, smooth skinned, masculine, 5/10 and about 205#
I live alone in auburn so can either host or travel 

I will b off on Friday if we can work something out to get 
together ?

I do like to cuddle, kiss and ORAL 
I am not looking for anal sex , I don't want to fuck or b sucked

thank you    


looking 4 ginger  auburn - m4m



I am looking for a red head to enjoy time with !!
I have never been with a true red head and I would
like to get naked, shower with and make out with 
I live alone in auburn so I can either host or travel 
I do like to make out together kissing, cuddling 
and ORAL !!!
not looking for anal !!!
just sucking on a nice ginger cock and being sucked off 
please let me know what works best for you ??

THANK YOU    


looking 4 my buddy Joe - m4m



I lost contact with my buddy Joe you are 28 and covered in tats, and your ex military. You were going to California, and I have wondered if you came back to the Tacoma area? I live in Puyallup and we would hang out and smoke and have fun! Hmu with pics and stats If your around, I miss you bud! Peace    


Very serious woman who can listen to my stories! - m4w



Also thoughts and dreams too! Of course it will work both ways! Help one another what things are on our minds! Sharing goals,dreams all things! I know there are great people about Seattle! Maybe it's you? Happy holidays! Hope to hear from you very soon!    


Looking for Lil Bee - m4w



I posted an add about a year and a half ago. I ended up coming over to your place late at night and going down on you for a while, Making you cum multiple times and then jerked off on your tits. I would love to do it again. If this is you let me know something to prove it.    


Driving With Your Cat - m4w



You told me tomorrow (Jan 6)  is your last day, and are leaving in a month to another state; and perhaps elsewhere. I will miss your sweet smile and curly black hair, and wish I might have mentioned meeting up before you depart.

But work is work and it's best that I inquire here; hoping that you might seek me out before you go. You wore black today (it looked wonderful on you), and work(ed) at a certain institution of technology in Redmond.

Me? I mentioned YouTube to help with your concern over driving with your cat. I usually see you on Thursdays.    


Magnet And Steel - m4w




Bella:


Now I told you so you ought to know
It takes some time for a feelin' to grow
 You're so close now I can't let you go
 And I can't let go
(With you I'm not shy) to show the way I feel
(With you I might try) my secrets to reveal
For you are a magnet and I am steel
I can hope that I'll hold you for long
You're a woman who's lost to your song
But the love that I feel is so strong
(And it can't be wrong
(With you I'm not shy) to show the way I feel
(With you I might try) my secrets to reveal
For you are a magnet and I am steel

w



uber from the hill - m4w



we shared an uber last night from the hill. The driver asked what we wanted to listen to, and I told him to play what he wanted and he jammed the whole way to ravenna. Was the best part of the night. I was the one sitting next to you. You wanna grab a drink? Coffee?    


Bus 28X this morning.  Woman in Wellington Boots and Glasses - m4w



You are adorable.  You were wearing Wellingtons and Khaki pants with Redish glasses.  I'm just saying...  just saying wow.




Re present to win-W4M- M4w - w4m



Although others may think you're enlightened and brave by having your epiphany and telling your truth, the fact that you haven't told him this personally negates it all. This kind of revelation goes to waste, in my opinion, if you don't tell him personally. You say you are now winning, and you may be in some aspects of your life...but you are losing big time by not telling him this. So you gather up your meek courage and post it here on mc and throw it out to the universe in hopes that he "might see it"? If that isn't pointless and weak, I don't know what is. You know there ARE ways to tell him. Call... Text... Email... Snail mail. Looks like you ARE seeking validation still...by posting to everyone else BUT your intended. You have a lot more to learn and you're not going to do that by not telling him, dear.    


Re present to win - m4w



Although others may think you're enlightened and brave by having your epiphany and telling your truth, the fact that you haven't told him this personally negates it all. This kind of revelation goes to waste, in my opinion, if you don't tell him personally. You say you are now winning, and you may be in some aspects of your life...but you are losing big time by not telling him this. So you gather up your meek courage and post it here on mc and throw it out to the universe in hopes that he "might see it"? If that isn't pointless and weak, I don't know what is. You know there ARE ways to tell him. Call... Text... Email... Snail mail. Looks like you ARE seeking validation still...by posting to everyone else BUT your intended. You have a lot more to learn and you're not going to do that by not telling him, dear.    


Your initials are C.C. - m4w



We used to chat quit a bit several months.  We met once, you left your phone in my truck.  I returned it to you.  You ended our conversing abruptly.  I do miss our conversations and have been thinking about you.  I hope things are well and I would still like to chat with you again.  Please write me.  
James    


Hopeless - w4m



Im not mad I hope you get where you're meant to be
 I realize life is too short to be mean all the time. I hope you end up where u want to be and  im going to something insane amd unpredictable of me noone would expect. Like settle down and have kids and get off drugs. 
I deserve happiness too. The problem is I do love you. I have a hard time being your friend. I get possessive and i hate it. I always regret being mean to u. I accept u but I am clearly a mess. Also immature.



Jennifer, if you're reading this... - m4w



Posting a note from the other side of the country on the off chance that you'll read it. I want you to know that for the past twenty years you have been on my mind every single day.  Countless letters have been written and never sent.  Countless hours spent wondering what it would be like to have just one more conversation with you.  So many mistakes made, so many opportunities missed...  yet here we are....   I often look at a map and I can hear you softly and quietly telling me why you wanted to move to Seattle, "because it will be far away from you..."   I should have instantly replied, "LET ME COME WITH YOU!"  How I wish I could do that moment over... and so many other moments. 

The trip I messaged you about was my attempt at trying to get at least a friendly conversation started. A cup of coffee and some laughs with my best friend in the whole world -- my best friend that I'm not allowed to talk with because of current life circumstances. 

I wish we could talk so I could tell you so many different things. I wish we could talk so I could hear your voice again.  I wish you could understand how much of my life, how much of my heart, has been dedicated to you.  I wish I could hand you the box of unsent letters I have written to you over the years.... many written in my darkest hours when I had nobody else to turn to who understands me...  some written in my loneliest moments when I ached to simply be in the same room as you or to have you on the other end of a telephone.  There are so many things I have wished, but I'm simply left with the mistakes I made and the opportunities I squandered when I was too young and naive to know what I really wanted in my life.... when I was too young and naive to know who you really were to me.   Now I am older and wiser and you are the furthest away that anybody could be from where I live now. 

Please just know that I love you, I have always loved you, and I will always love you.  Happy Birthday.    


1st and Cherry Downtown COUGAR... - m4w



I was 18, you were my 1st ever and my dream come true. I told you it was my fantasy to be with a cougar and you made it happen... I lost your number and would like to get in touch with you again. last time we met was in 2012.    


Sport Clips - m4w



You have cut my hair a few times now. I think we definitely have a connection, but not much to be said in such a public environment, and a little too chicken to ask for your number. I helped you remember a Christmas movie title. Hope you find this    


JANE WHERE ARE YOU ??? - m4w



I am looking for an old friend Jane. She was best friends with one of the cocktail waitresses (Natalie) at the now closed Black Angus in Burien. This would have been in the late 80's. We dated for a while and then it was ended by your folks. I have always wondered what happened to you. If you are Jane, or know her, please respond as I would like to get in touch with her again. Scott    


Magic wands - w4ww



Won't turn you lying whores into decent people. 

I've ignored almost all of your 1000s of bullshit posts that have gone on for over a year now, haven't I? I'm just so tired of your lies, manipulation,  gaslighting , abuse, illogical thinking, childish behaviour and just plain meanness, that I've decided to "fight back".

Will a single one of you ladies ever have the decency or the courage to contact me? You could easily do so. Instead, when I've sent you personal messages you've continued to lie to me, and to keep pretending that I'm crazy. Then you get on here (and elsewhere) and post your bullshit.

My teenaged kid acts more mature than you cunts do. It's kind of hilarious that a bunch of old grannies are spending their days posting bullshit, making up fake FB profiles, and trying to deceive people, and then celebrating like evil bitches when they do hurt someone.

Bottom line: you are truly horrible, horrible people.  You have some pretty severe mental health issues, this is apparent because healthy people don't delight in hurting other people, especially when those people have never hurt them. I mean, it's not even for revenge, is it? Since I never did anything hurtful to you, there was nothing to seek revenge for. The fact is this- you are all just garden-variety, mean, immature,  sociopaths who need to hurt others just so they can put a little excitement into their pathetic lives. 

My assessment of you is based on your actions  I've asked you many times to explain yourself, and you've refused. I can therefore only assume your refusal to deny my accusations is because you don't have a fucking leg to stand on.    


Halloween on H street S.E. near Olympic - m4w



You brought your daughter by my house trick or treating and i have thought about you everyday since. i know you live close by because you were wearing pajama bottoms and had your dog on leash. You commented on my front yard.... I wanted to comment on your "back yard" in those pajama pants!
Then I waited to see if you would go to end of the block and back on other side of street and when you got there you were with another Mom and her kids. I missed my chance.... Ugh!
You're beautiful...    


M payne - w4m



We've planned another trip! ! Ireland in may.

I'm watching a documentary on the castles of ireland. HISTORY.

The host reminds me of you. Going to the country of your ancestry. ....

I wish I could talk to you.

My reawakened passion of world travel is in full swing! Ireland. Machu picchu. .. Amsterdam and denmark.
A safari in Africa and Antarctica 2019 ...

Planning alot of trips.... living the life I've missed...

$$ making it happen these days ;)

While I'm sure you were vacationing somewhere romantic with E. .... im glad we've both found someone to love and that loves us the way we have desired for so long.  Doesn't mean I still don't miss your friendship though.  Whenever you left my life, I missed that most.

I realize I'm not missed. And that's ok. I don't expect reciprocity; but telling someone the are missed still feels right.

B and I traveled to iceland and had an amazing time. I haven't done anything with him you and I talked about. I respected Us more to do that.

I hope you are well M. 

Life for peaceful and I'm content in my own finally.

Things always have a way of working out eh?    


Re: Bret Re in SKC - w4m



Thanks for lifting my spirits, for a minute.  But the responder was not the actual person the post was meant for.  He would have responded to me or at least put some tidbit of information to let me know this was the person that the post was directed to.  

What you are indicating is that he wouldn't mind a visit and a chat.  

Your post is rather thoughtless, as you know NOTHING about the situation and yet you chime in, How fuckin rude and inconsiderate people are, and WHY? what good did that do you.  Was that your good deed for the day?  It could have killed me going in there thinking he responded, you fn idiot, or are you a moron or an imbecile? thinking it must be the latter.  




GUZMAN



LOOKING FOR ANN ROSERIO GUZMAN FROM GUAM MAITE/TOTOBROTHER CLIFFORD MOTHER SARA IF YOU KNOW ANNS WHERE ABOUTS REPLY WITH EMAIL PLEASE THANK YOU JOE    


MY WORDS have power ... no wand needed



After all the loss,  abyse, betrayal, confusion, lies  etc etc..... you'd love for me to SNAP. or be hateful.  Or even seek revenge. But i dont need to. My spoken words dont need a ritual, sacrifice, wand or anything other than just that. I refuse to play "games" with the lives of others or even my own. I have no intention of allowing you to hang me to any cross, or to let you use even those closest to me to hurt me or others. 
What can you donto my flesh,  except quicken the death of it? 
I will never allow anyone or anything the opportunity to take my immortality from me, and its beyond apparent  that i must pose a major threat to anyone who isn't in the light or have light from within. Why would you waste SO MUCH time, $and effort to orchestrate what you believe to be the best method of warfare?  Dont you realize that whatever the greatest power or gifts you've ever seen or have, was made by the one who created eveything? The one who knows me by name and loved me enough to send his ONLY SON to enter into sin and give up his blood to set me and others free? ???
I admit you all get a gold star sticker for temporarily confusing me and for a minute having the upper hand of the situation-at least superficially seeming. 
All of it has made me smarter, better, faster and stronger. 
Your wicked nature, and schemes have only gotten worse over time, and i refuse to ask that you be given grace ever again.

For the select few that know how sports actually work, and know that their progress is reflected via a player or team thats rrlated to that particukar person - you are all competiting for a crown that wont last. 

When the time comes, the command to bring down the arm will be given, the pollution and the like will be washed away by the breaking of the dams. The euphrates rivers will be released in full effect, and the bride will be preparing to meet the one.  The thing is though,  is that i am the rightful heir to the throne. In addition,  like ISIS, THE PICTOGRAPH shows in egyptian hieroglyphics that isis has a throne on top of hwr head. This signifies that whoever is to marry hee will sit on the throne,  and rule and reign with her. 

Time to shut down the "good ol boys: club and expose all of their sick underground slave trading.  Alot are young children who were bred aa a means to have "blue blooded" or papered "dogs" or other animals.  

I walked right into the dragons lair the other day, looked her right in their face, and couldn't hate whom id once admired and loved so much. I tthink he/it was anticipated. 

Im so used to spotting the enemy anymore that i dont trust one person on this pmanet 1p0    


Kirkland qfc woman cashier for evening shift - m4w



Dear Miss woman who works at the qfc in Kirkland near romios and give guys...

I see you working in the store frequently, you are beautiful. But you're never working the isle/lane that I'm in. So I never get the opportunity to talk to you or ask you out without being a creeper.

I saw you on the fourth of January working around 8pm and you called over your coworker "Zack"

I'm 31 and think you're beautiful. You seem interesting. I like your style. 

Hoping you see this...    


Judy in the Park from 2012 - m4w



I meet you in the park and you sparked my interest. We talked briefly and you were with your daughter. You were the nicest and most beautiful person I ever meet. Seemed a little fishy, maybe you were an alien? I was planning to take out a one page ad in the New York Times but this will do... Please reply with the park we meet at in the subject line and know your probably too fresh to be on CL but I know your daughter is probably in college by now, so hit me back...    


sattyn K - m4w



Sattyn k. You had 2 girls and 1 young boy. We talk on your break at jack n box 1 day. I found you to be sexy and hot like Jennifer love Hewitt.we hook up once and I found your lips amazing and me inside you was 1 of a kind. You always screamed OMG when I was inside you.I would love to hook up again. Who cares about your sons dad. Send me an email. Send me a pic of you so I know its you.    


you looked like a star? - m4w



You were cleaning out your car, I pulled up all I could see was a perfect ass.. so I go in gas station. When I come back out this breathtaKing smile sent heatwave through my body..... I wanted to talk to you so bad.... than seeing you yet again , you blazed a path right in front of me at next gas stop .... Girl I hope you keep smiling. probably no chance you'll see this but want to get together a Nd do some oral exchange?420 friendly    


128th ST SW Area



You see me flick

You see me flash

You see me look

You hear me whistle

And even say yoooo


Not even a lil curious?


I would be....    


I sucked you off Walnut! - m4m



Hi there! I sucked you awhile back. You said a guy had never made you cum, but I sure made you cum a lot! You were so much fun, you have a beard, and you're uncut. I'd love to suck you again. Discreetly! :) Hope to hear from you! I work local so, you know who I am. :)    


Unanswered prayers



You just, gotta make it more obvious it's you.  I still don't know that for sure.  It's not fair.

See ya. 

Love ya    


Who could it be? Not for everyone - w4m



What you don't know is in the last several months I've saved up 3600.00while u were busy trying to get over on me. Playing dumb comes in handy when you have a plan. One day you'll come by and I won't be here. You won't know where or how but I have a game plan to make u fend for yourself and noone will enable you. Have a better life. Make yourself happy. Try smiling once in awhile. That's all I needed to get out.
Hey people unless u broke up witb your person last night this is not yours. Hell I get everyone's life story in replies    


"K": I met you almost 3 years ago watching the Hawks - w4m



To K_ _ _ _:
A memory of you flashed by this morning so just throwing this out into the universe..

Almost 3 years ago, downtown. I was a stranger and there with a girlfriend; fate stepped in and the people across from you left and offered us the seats across from you and your group of friends. We were in a packed bar cheering on the Hawks, which ended in one of the most celebrated endings in Seahawk history. High fives abound.. except OUR hands stayed clasped together a little longer than politely appropriate and our eyes locked and lingered in what quickly became our own knowing space. 
I remember the cat and mouse game we played trying to get one another to join eachother on one same side of the table - through the deafening noise (mouthing and signaling to eachother from across the table, "you come over "here" - no, YOU come over "HERE") and remember laughing about our saucy exchange. Most notably now, I remember thinking "lol what a saucy fucker- oh my God he's ME." My friend always remarks that she thought they broke the mold when they made me but after watching our little exchange said "holy shit there's 2 of you!!" You finally came to my side of the table to get in the bar line and came up to me asking for my number Bc we needed to talk. Nope! So you gave me yours - another cat and mouse game with no pen and you smiled and rolled your eyes like you've known me forever, bc as you said (I have a stunted memory when it comes to numbers) I better write it down or I'll forget it! You made me repeat it until I got it right enough times and walked away laughing and shaking your head about how I'd still never remember it.
Later, we came out of the bathrooms at the same time and as we walked up to eachother I instinctively put my hands on your face and kissed you. You kissed me back and smiled and we were lost in each other's eyes. You told me it feels like you've known me forever, like we've lived in past lives together before or something. I agreed. Back to opposite sides of the table.. Tv came crashing down from the chaos, the game winning last seconds and then you waved goodbye while chasing your friends out the door.
You were right- of course I forgot your number. But in texting 10 people guessing, you responded and we talked on and off for a minute. Within a week or 2, oddly, you asked if I loved you, and I admitted that I did. You told me that you knew I loved you when I kissed you that night, that you knew who I was and could see my soul when our eyes met, that we were meant to be in each other's lives for some reason. We both confessed feeling a soul attachment and a love for eachother fairly quickly. It later turned out to be a divine, universal truth- a true, undeniable "knowing". 

Fast forward to now. We didn't end up together. Loyalty and responsibility belonged elsewhere. Eventually it was necessary to cut contact and the world continues to turn. 

But YOU. You have forged a place within my heart and soul that is unshakably, undeniably and eternally yours. Meeting and connecting with you has been an experience that will forever be the only song my soul will ever dance to like one does when no one's watching. You've set the only bar that exists and which only you could meet which defines true, divine and unconditional love. And your absence in my life has taught me the true meaning of unconditional love for myself.

Whatever your life brings to you, know that I wish you so much happiness. I send you my brightest light and most loving energies to you and yours always. I am grateful to have experienced knowing your soul, and feel blessed for the lessons this has burned into me. 
If we never meet again, know that our souls connect always, and that no matter where life takes us.. I am always 'here', always connected to you. So if your light begins to dim, or your energy goes flat, mine is fully charged and also infinitely yours. 
And that no matter what, I love you most deeply, unconditionally. divinely and always.    


You: on a drz supermoto me: lustfully attempting to find you. - m4m



I saw you riding around a while back on your bike, I waved, you waved back much more excitedly. 

email me back plz    


nathan the cheese guy on the BI ferry - w4m



you like cheese. you fondle curd. you hate nukes an hackers. you were on the 810 ferry from seattle to bi. thanks for the laughs and the smile you put on my face that forgot to come off. i needed that. 
-the multitasker    


nathan the cheese guy on the BI ferry - w4m



you like cheese. you fondle curd. you hate nukes and hackers. you were on the 810 ferry from seattle to bi. thanks for the laughs and the smile you put on my face that forgot to come off. i needed that. 
-the multitasker    


Richard NYE - w4m



We met in Tacoma dancing. You were wearing a beanie, I was in a black dress. Wish we had exchanged numbers. Let me know it's you :)    


I need u - m4w



I met you 2 years back when you stayed in an apartment near west casino road based on your ad. During 2016 thanksgiving, I again saw you at Walmart counter. I still need you. Hope you will reach me    


Swedish Heath Building ((12.21.16)) - w4m



On the 21st of December; I was waiting to go up to the 3rd floor for my appointment, we ended up on the same elevator, but you were going to the 4th floor. What was I wearing?    


To B or not to B...





It was never fair of me to burden you with the weight of my wishes and desires, and for that I truly apologize. Since the day I was introduced to you, I have thought of nothing but your smile, voice, and body--though not quite in the aesthetic sense, as it would obviously be understood since you are incredibly gorgeous.

I found/find a certain level of comfort in the way you carry yourself, speak, and how your true character is revealed by those smiles specific to certain thoughts. 


People have said that it is impossible to fall in love with "a stranger" (though their qualifying definitions of both love and stranger are usually less than apprehensible), but I unfortunately am not on board with that idea. Love, or what I Can gather of it, is a pure longing to see someone excel, advance, laugh, and live a life that leaves them looking forward to another day. So then that leaves me with the question of what a stranger is; je ne sais pas. 

I assume a stranger is someone you've never seen before, or someone you have not taken the time to see, hear, or speak with. Even then, does not empathy remind us that we are not strangers in this world at all? I suppose, though, you and I could not be strangers because we have at least established some form of a connection and understanding of one another--yet, we are still estranged.

My dilemma, my burden as I mentioned, is that estrangement. I obviously have my own vices, but I am beginning to see that they should belong only to me. It is hard to look past one's own desires and passions, which is why I have spent all this time convincing myself that every "moment" we shared was in fact a "Moment". 

The times when our eyes met for a bit longer than they should, when we found ourselves positioned next to each other randomly, the times when our arms, bodies, or hands touched impossibly, or how each of us have had that wandering eye. I imagine your blush being a product of my action and your thoughts combined, but I realize now that it is probably because you're wondering why I am so obviously attached to your every movement and every word. 

You would know/understand why it is a folly to feel like I do, to wish and hope like I do, and to proactively reach out in ways that I do--I am a prisoner to my vice, or rather I was. I will always carry around that desire, that hope, and that pure love, too, but I Will not, and so my actions will obey my decision to retreat, back down, and cheer from the sidelines. 

You've helped me in so many ways, more ways than I have yet to admit to you or anyone else--though that will manifest when time provides an environment that is pertinent and cordial for expression. 

Be always safe and happy, my fairest lady    


I just want to thank you, for helping me become present to win. - w4m



I know I'll never hear from you again. If I think too much about it, I begin to become insecure and doubt if we were really ever friends. 

The truth, however... 

You made time for me. You made a space for me and you helped me feel heard and understood for a period of time. No one made space for me before the same way you did. It was intoxicating, to have your help. I adored you, not in wanting to have a romantic relationship but the physical togetherness and emotional intimacy were better than what a long-term romantic thing could offer to me. Maybe that's what scared you, that you thought I wanted you in that role in my life. No. I did not. I didn't want to chain myself romantically to anyone. I wanted to be able to give myself to someone without the burden of romance. I liked stealing time with and being sweet with someone who understood and who encouraged me. The words were most important, though... you kept me going more than you understand or can know.

Anyway. Here I am writing about this because I need to get it off my chest somewhere. And it all started here, on a whim. I miss you. But I am not going to force myself into your life because that's not how friends do things. I have changed drastically since you left in learning how to accept encouragement from others, and my appreciation for you has grown because I feel that I no longer need certain forms of validation that I thought I needed before. I adore you from the bottom of my heart, not in a way that makes me want to be your permanent partner but in a way that makes me want to be your friend... which lasts so much longer than what any romantic partnership has to offer.

You said I was an alien like you. I hope it is your planet that I am from... but even if that's not the case, you're always welcome to come visit mine. Because you held a space for me, I will always hold a space for you. I miss you and while I know I will cry a few more times, I am forever grateful that you did come into my life. I hope this beautiful Universe is taking good care of you. I genuinely do, with all of my heart.    


You were Seeking Musician via CL - m4w



You posted you were seeking a musician/Guitar player and your post caught my attention. 
Your posting wasn't up for very long, I'm sorry to say.
I decided to reply to it, but it took me too long to get the reply sent because by the time I finished composing my reply and hit send, someone else had flagged your post for removal.

Don't give up!

I took the time to write my reply, the least I can do is see that it somehow gets to you.    


looking for you - m4w



I went on a date with you to the outback steakhouse and I enjoyed our time together and wanted to see you again but lost your number well my phone actually  .so I hope you see this post and email me . Tell me the color of my car I drove you there in .and your kiss was amazing and I wanted more ,it was awesome ....     let me know if your interested    


Ascending Into Bliss - w4m



I realize there were many false dates given about reuniting with a twin flame...so far but we recognized each other with my twin in December 2012, when all that Ascension shift was happening as predicted. It was irresistible because the souls & hearts were leading the way and making decisions, not logical minds or human desires. Nothing happened during Decembers of the last 2 years but the article says that it was a 4 years window to make twins learn about the process and themselves. It makes so much sense. So it looks like the running twin will end his/her hiding and will be back, initiating a contact & love just like in the beginning :)  December was a good month for awakened Twin Flames to come together and you will be called out, just give it a chance and wait, don't attach to the other but be consciously in your own body. Allow love and Light to pour into your body. It may feel like a fresh, cold air coming into your chest or other parts of the body. I've let things happen the way they wanted to (but not like I wanted them to happen) and my TF has returned :)
Hope you all have a great New Years and prosperous life with yours    


SAM (Seattle Art Museum) - m4w



We passed each other on the escalator about an hour ago. I was heading up with a friend and you were heading down. I noticed you and let my gaze linger. As I turned I thought I noticed you look back, then I noticed you look my way again. I made sure to look your way again and to make it obvious, the next time you looked back your eyes met mine and neither of us seemed in a hurry to turn away. I was hoping you would come back up and go back through the exhibit with us... you should have it would have been fun :-)

Are you still downtown?    


I should just let it go. - w4m



I've had feelings for you almost sense I met you. Has almost been 2 years. From the little comments, and ass kissing. But lately I've realized it's probably never gonna be. Maybe for the best. Wish I could get you out of my head though. 
Or just get me alone, and make some of my fantasies come true.    


Be Here Now on the 91 Bus - m4w



Pretty funky - but you might see this!
The movie is called Fierce Grace
Super highly recommended.
Netflix might have it - as might the library.
Let me know if you see this - I'll delete it in a day or so.    


Marysville Family Practice - m4w
Alaska flight, SEA to ATL, 12/20/16 - m4w



You were in the first row in coach. I was behind you and we played footsies almost the whole flight. I saw you again at baggage claim in ATL, we exchanged glances but did not connect. If it is you, can you tell me something so I know it is you? LOVE to connect!!    


PLU student..QFC grocery store - m4w



This is going to be a long shot.....I saw you at QFC grocery store last night, Thursdays, Dec. 8. You were alone and I talked to you at the checkout line. I taught maybe there was a connection.... I was being a dumbass and I should have ask for your number. You told me you are a PLU student and you take Spanish and ROTC class. You are out of state from Minnesota. I saw you at the parking lot and you were driving a mini cooper, white rims, and out of state license plate. I'm assuming from Minnesota. If you are real tell me where we met in the store.    


Asian lady from Kent LA Fittnes - m4w



Where is the Asian woman from swimming pool at LA Fittness? We had nice conversation.    


Erica Lake Stevens - m4w



Erica. 
U walking your dog in Lake Stevens.
on a hot sunny Sunday.
You stopped. Wow!!. so damn sexy.
we talked. 
We walked around the corner chatting.
You didnt seem to want to let go of my hand when we shook goodbye.
It didnt dawn on me till later. Im an idiot!
How could we possibly meet again if I didnt get your number.
Am I wrong that there was a connection..

Get back at me..    


Riverview Houston - m4m



Looking for my friend. We grew up in Houston and went to high school together. You started living there after you came out of the Marines.    


Transexual aids, Seattle. St.louis philly,d.c - m4mw



Not too long ago I read a post by someone who had been duped by a post op transexual. He posted pics. And mentioned the name walbert. (Im leaving out first names as not to be flagged or hit for slander).
A pic of a woman with a nose ring and rose was posted.  As an accomplice. 
And that they were using false identitys. If this was yoir post please contact me!
I'm under attack by them as well.    


In search of Heather.  ("The Secret" is real) - m4w



Although we have only met in a wonderful dream I had last night - I remember your name.  So, I am just putting this post out there - just in case!  Our mutual chemistry was obvious as we enjoyed the day in my farmhouse with who I can only say must have been friends.  We danced.  The energy was very positive and relaxed.  Like attracts like.  We kissed - I think only once - but, it was magical and right.

I don't recall any recent or lasting "Heathers" in my life - so, what does it all mean?

Ron




if those are angels.... - w4ww



I sure as fuck don't want to meet any demons.

Your so-called angels are sluts who cheated on their husbands. Do they think they are not accountable for their actions? Wow...must be nice to be such a hypocrite that your own actions don't count.
One of these whores regularly fucked an ex con behind her hubbies back, then bragged about it to us. Then she went behind my back and lied, bullied and gaslighted me. My crime?. ..talking to a man I wasn't married to....
Now you cunts post regular bullshit on this board pretending to be Brett Law, INFJ, PROCRASTINATION bs; etc. 

Don't fucking threaten me, whores. I've had enough. I will email you I'd I feel like it. I've never done a single illegal thing, but YOU have. If anyone should be worried it should be you and your skanky angels.
Now fuck off.



KR - m4w



I can't see you or talk to you without my mind going to places it shouldn't. I wonder if you're ever curious about me.    


Footprints - w4m



Footprints on my heart <3
Footprints in the sand<3
Footprints washed away<3
Footprints in heaven are the ones that never are washed away <3

Faith Hope and Love



Regal cinemas at Crossroads on Dec 22 - m4w



Not sure you will see this, but if you do would love to chat with you and possibly meet you again. We were standing together in popcorn line, we had some nice moments... you were with your kids and I was with my kids. You went to watch Sing and we watched Star Wars... if you see this, drop me line    


OkCupid Nursefisher87 - m4w



We talked a little bit about food and you being a nurse, I really want to get to know you more if you're interested. If it is you who responds then put in the subject line what I said I can make pretty well. I'd like to take you for a drink or dinner sometime.    


butcher boys.. - m4w



you worked at butcher boys in Puyallup although not sure if you still do, you drove a blue Subaru as well.. I wish I would have talked to you more when I could have sigh...    


dandelion ldandy - m4w



ahh.. I miss you, we talked a bit online but I miss your spunk.. if you care to chat get back in touch with me..    


server who's name begins with a M and ends with an A - m4w



wow.. the food is ok but the service is amazing.. at least if you are a customer and have a sexy server such as yourself who wears a form fitting skirt beautifully,  I sat through my meal desperately trying to keep my eyes off of you.. wow..    


dandelion ldandy - m4w



ahh.. I miss you, we talked a bit online but I miss your spunk.. if you care to chat get back in touch with me..    


King Koopa - m4w



Hey Goomba, it's Koopa. It's been awhile. You're gone now, I assume happy and married. If this ever reaches you, through everything I still think you're an amazing soul. I wish you light shone as brightly for me as it does for him.  I'm glad you came out alright in the end, Rory.

Koopa    


Seeking raven haired video game woman. - m4w



You responded to my add a couple of years ago.  We traded a million texts for a couple of weeks and then met for beers one night.
After I hugged you good night and went on my way, you sent me a text.  It got deleted, I didn't have my glasses to read it.  doh.  It still kills me that I don't know what it said.  One of your last texts to me was that it was something nice.  Then you told me you were in a strange space and needed to back away.   

Don't send me to my grave wondering what that text said.  

Destiny.    


your pink hair, drove me crazy - m4w



Pretty big crush over here. I am married and can't say or do anything....but thought you might like to know I get a little giddy thinking about you.

You hair isn't as pink anymore. But you are still dripping in sexy.    


the beautiful angel that works at little ceasers - m4w



I don't know if u will see this I hope you do and want to meet I cam in last night ordered a pizza. Man when I saw you I thought I saw an angel your so beautiful and gorgeous and ur smile was amazing. I sat down and a lady came in she did not have enough money so I helped when u saw that u flashed ur eyes and smiled more. I would love to give u my number but I was shy so if u see this miss send a pic and tell me what I was wearing. I hope you see this and want this good man:)    


Lisa in Marysville - m4w



Beautiful Lisa. 
I cant find you anywhere. 
Its been some time but I need to reconnect.  Zumba and your mazda6. This should say enough, hope this works... Miss you    


I'm looking for the single blond mom in the mall - m4w



Hi miss I saw u last night with ur kid man ur cute and gorgeous u saw me with my son and smiled at me. I wanted to stop and talk let the kids play but I was shy and did not know if u have a bf or not. But I hope u see this and want to talk and mayhe meet for coffee or drinks. So please send a pic of u and change the subject to your eye color.    


West Seattle health club - m4m



Looking for a gym buddy that goes to west Seattle health club. I'm 29, 6 foot, 170 lbs, in good shape but wanna get bigger. Like to lift and swim. Hit me up if you're interested.    


To the one who is living a happy life. - m4w



I know you will never see this here so I just wanted to say I am truly glad you are happy. My heart still beats for you in ways that I have never really felt for another, but I stayed here because you said you were no good for me. I will always love the girl you are, were, and have become. I wish you the best in the future life you have with the man you are with. 

I now know that you are happily married. Even though I have shown my feelings to you I have been put in the never again zone. It's OK. My heart will move on from this. It will pass.

Signed
Your crazy stupid friend of the family.    


Amy B... I miss thee! (R) - m4w



Well I am not sure (or kinda almost sure that you wont see this!) but I really missed you Amy... I know that I don't know you much, it's just our Monday morning little talks.. I think you are very interesting and would love to get to know you more... (besides, you are suppose to teach me more Hebrew words remember?!) anyways, if you see this please reply with something we talked about (or the nickname you suggested for me!) until I get your reply or miraculously see you again, you should know... u r awesome!!    


Like my veggie chips! - m4w



We were at the checkout line and you said you like the veggie chips I was buying. I wish I had offered you some to taste for you and your baby! :-)

Please describe the details and context so I know it is you!

(Hint: store is on Sunset Blvd!)    


Re brett Garber - w4m



Just ignore that asshole. He also goes by brett law. He's a troll. He wants to engage you in emails he can eventually find your email or ip. 

Don't even give him the attention. I just delete and move on. 

He's been on here since like 2008! Probably longer. If I search my gmail, he's in there since then. I used to write to my lover on here and he would respond back then .


Some loser with no life I guess.    


juice girl - w4w



we were both waiting at the front for our friends, but it seemed like we had a moment there when we both went our separate ways. if it's you and i'm correct in assuming we could have had more fun going off together, respond with the name of that crazy ass juice blend you were drinking...    


Nye belltown - m4m



Had an amazing time and great conversation after on grinder. Was really looking forward to seeing you again. You invited me over and we shared a similar heritage.    


I MET YOU AT THE PORT ORCHARD ALBERTSONS STARBUCKS. - m4w



We were in line at the Starbucks in Albertsons and you were behind me and you are the Albertsons Pharmist and we talked about the holiday. I would like to get to know you. You live in Silverdale you said and we talked about your commute.    


LOST - m4w



Cherubically designed and shadowed in manor
a shy emissary of self
destined to become complete
in complex perfection
bathed in obsessive red hues
and I long to be once again
in the warm rose petaled wind    


Brett Garber - w4m



Stop with the unsolicited advice and email harassment!!!!
No one is asking you , no one cares about what you think, and certainty no one would bother replying to your pathetic emails with you pretending to know me, or anyone else's posts that you reply to!!!
Get a life!!! And go to bed!!! Your emails always come in at the hours of 1 am to 3am. Anyone else have this dumbass spam them?? He sent me his phone number with the area code. 562 *7##-###



What's the point? - m4w



What is the point of living anymore? Everyone lives a better life than I have and I have been around 28 years. I am troubled that I will never see her again. I don't even want to try anymore. I just want to off myself. I pray god takes me everynight. That I get hit by traffic or someone shoots me. Why do I sleep, why do I eat and why do I try to take care of myself when I am hopeless and helpless both. I will never know what it is like to be happy and I will never feel how I use to when I was young. I just want to die and reincarnate. Please take me god because I am so done. I am like a woman waiting to be rescued :( but sadly I am a guy. I'm so done, I feel the only thing that can save me now is a real woman. No one wants to help the un helpable. I'm an emotionaless piece of trash. un loveable and un loved.

K    


Longing - w4m



For a passionate woman such as myself,  I find being married to a non-affectionate person to be the greatest hardship I have ever known. 



Hunky elf at the West Seattle Farmer's Market - m4m



Damn!  That outfit does all the right things for you!
I was with a friend and her son at the Subway and you came in for a moment.

You came over, said hi, and invited us for a pic with Santa.  We were unable to make it.

You seem like a great guy; and gee, you help Santa so you must be.

May I take you to coffee or lunch?

(The pic doesn't do justice: you had dark hair and are more of a man.)



Hope - w4m



I still have Hope
I still have Hope
I still have Hope
I still have Hope


I still miss my friend 



...it's not easy.....w4m - w4m



feeling incomplete- and uninterested in daily activities and struggling to find joy even in the beautiful things life has to offer. bcause of you and my luv I have to hide away like swept under the rug you don't want to hear it you don't want to know. but I do know this . that i know ive made my feelings apparently to you but you laugh it off as if it's cute or rather a joke when I say I love you. no it's real and it's more then friends . so even as long distance friends it's not so easy to hear your voice when you call me. when you visit me it's not easy smelling you or wanting to inhale the breathe that you exhale.  it's not easy for me at all. it's not easy for me to resist the urge to press my body against you harder when you lightly hug me. it's not easy for me to stop staring at your lips when you speak   it's not easy to be your girlfriends acquaintance and hearing  all about the two of you and how much she loves you. it's not easy at all.  all I can do is hope one day if chance or fate is on our side, one day you can see. one day you'll open your mind and your eyes and really see me. see that the person that is your friend looks at you a little longer than she should. she lingers with her gaze. she lingers in her hugs. she licks her lips when you talk. she twirls her hair when talking to you. she smiles at the mere presence of you. she laughs loudly at all your jokes even if they are not that funny. she takes the time to look her best. her pupils are dialated when you hold her gaze. this feeling when you're around is something else. and I never see you as just my friend anymore. i see you as someone I could love forever. when I'm around you talking to you it's as if i am home. but for now you'll be my obsession and object of desire. it's not easy at all but I do it for you    


Goodwill on 145th, we were in line talking about the tall kid - m4w



In Shoreline - we were talking about the tall kid with the Burger King bag, haha. You're very attractive, coffee sometime? ;)    


Brianna B - m4w



I have been missing you like crazy these past 4 months.  Im sure you will never see this but I just wanted to or needed to let it out.  I hope you are doing well.  Would be nice if we could reconnect again one day and have a smoke sesh and longboard, maybe even spin some poi.

I still and always "Lub Dew 2"
J    


To all MC male posters! - m4w



Please stop posting frivolous, dead end, antithesis to your desire posts. You are saturating the M for W missed connection section and it really makes us guys as a whole look pathetic, shallow and desperate. Of you don't have something meaningful to say don't say it. Chances are she won't read it. Stop with the girl with the day ass and such. I'm a guy, I post here. I put my heart on virtual paper here. Then two minutes later. 50 more guys post some BS about a girl they saw in passing. Male it real, show some depth and some class. You can compliment a woman but do it right. Goofs!    


Sad day - w4m



Yesterday when you stopped by to say hi, the butterflies were gone. The smile you brought to my face when seeing you before was gone. I still find you attractive, but someone I would refer to as a 'hot mess'. I wish I would have just admired you from where we were instead of giving you the opportunity to hurt me. Hindsight. You are missing out on someone who thought the world of you... until I got to know YOU.    


Smiled at Haggens - t4m



Hey there, 
Im a transgirl who was at Haggens around 9:30 on Monday night(yesterday). I was walking out with someone, and you were walking in, you looked like you were getting off work, you were wearing a dark coat and a hat(or hood). I had a teal jacket, and soft features. I ran back in to give you my phone number, but you had disappeared! Hope you see this, would love to get coffee or tea, and smile at you more. :)

T4M, W4M, M4M    


I stripped in your living room on our first date - m4w



You told me to come over right after work and shower at your place. We were talking in your living room and I took my clothes off, went and got in the shower, then got dressed and we went out for dinner. We ended up back at your place, both drunk and in bed. Clearly not either of our best efforts. Lol. I did have fun though. I wish I could go back and re live that moment when I just started taking my clothes off in front of you. Hope you remember it fondly, too.    


Re Bret - m4w



I wish you would have. Come see me again soon and we can talk it over. I think about you all the time.    


Sick and tired - m4w



I need alot of rest.i just got out.of my deathbed and im still wounded. And i have the flu Now too. Sick as a dog familys all out pissed at me.cant somebody else give you a ride    


Snugglebutt - m4w



I don't know if you even see how crazy you were acting when i saw you last. You don't yell at someone you care about as soon as they wake up. You don't bottle things up while they sleep just to blow up on them before they go in for work. I couldn't have gotten a word in edge wise because you had it all scripted. It's the only way this all makes sense. Or I'm giving you too much credit and you aren't governed by logic. You lead with your emotion and God help whoever you've decided has wronged you. I can't keep up with you, and i can't stop thinking about you. Maybe you could have been my baby mama, maybe you could get sober and get your head fixed. Maybe you'll realize how selfish and bullshit your behavior was. Pride is your sin though. You can't ever see the error of your ways. God forbid anyone show an emotional manipulator the error of her ways. She might try and deflect. You aren't a lost cause, but the Jillian who has been abusing her meds and depriving herself of sleep needed to die out in 2016. I love and miss you to the point i wanna relapse and OD, and relive the ups and the downs one last time.    


I HATE COFFEE - w4m



.....But you love it. So when we go out to eat breakfast and you order us a pot, I drink it. Because you ordered it for me. I hate hiking! I am NOT an outdoorsy gal :( However....you love the outdoors and take me to Tiger mountain, & we have picnics with friends in the summer, I go. You love spicy foods and I detest it, but when you make me dinner and make it almost 5 star spicy, I eat it and love it because you made it. I cannot fathom why you love reality shows. When we're not hanging out watching tv together, I'd never even consider watching them if it was the only thing on. But alas; I do it for you. I do these things because I'm in love with my best friend of 3 years..... How do you do it? How do you have restraint on reacting physically when you're around. How do you not want to rip my clothes off and make passionate, long, intense love to me? I do to you.....everytime I see you!  It's just a shame that I'll never tell you these things. Because you don't feel the same way. This fire inside is out of control.... and.... E , only you .....can tend to the flames.    


Rainer Square - m4m



We were at Rainer Square today, didn't get to finish up.

Saw you later on machine, waved.

If you see this hit me up.    


a flame that will put out your own - m4w



all i did was wake up and saw you. they said sorry for waking me up but if i went to sleep then you would slip through my fingers and without you ill never know what it was for so long that kept me away from it all because you saw it too    


Hey Scott V. - m4m



Hey Scott I'm so glad I got to see you again today.

I'm a float and I travel all over the Seattle area so it's rare that I get to see the same person more than once. Seeing you this afternoon made me smile and made the day worth it.

It would be fun to hang out sometime.    


Nina Lover - m4w



Where did you go, my sugar baby? I wanna see you again. I'll give you anything you want :)    


I'd do ANYTHING! - m4w



I've conceded to the fact I am going to grow old all alone.........and I'm going to die all alone.

I'm never going to beat this.
Time doesn't heal all wounds. Believe that, because it's true.
Time is the beast that, every single moment, feeds off every last ounce of the heart.

Today, I thought about you on our wedding day. And I cried.
The moment all my dreams came true.

The past couple weeks, I've been approached a few times.
Pretty soon, the results of those approaches is going to hit social media.
I mean, really. I interrupted them before it got to the point of being too embarrassing.
.....'I'm still completely and totally in love with my ex wife, and that's never going to change.'......
How often do you hear about a guy saying that to a complete stranger that was trying to get acquainted???

It's not normal.

I am not too fond of this life.....    


Fantasy LTD Theater -A couple of Wednesdays ago - m4t



You- a really cute short trans girl with natural long hair. Me- trimmed beard, bigger build. We played in the back of the main theater until you came. I would love to do it again.
let me know what I was doing to you that made you cum and lets have some fun again.    


Airport Video II before thanksgiving - m4m



You, goateed. Me trimmed beard. In the main room we played for a good long time,in the afternoon but you had to leave because you live in Everett.. You said you wanted to get me to bed and asked for my email address. I didn't give it but wish I had. I've went back there a few Thursdays (thats the day we met) with no luck.
Tell me how many times you came and lets do it again!    


Pity - w4m



I was hurt and angered this much I admit. My perception of you in the beginning was entirely different from reality. You came across as level headed, confident, helpful. I could see the sneaky side in glimpses but because I called you on it I assumed you would be a little aware. Just a few days ago I thought it was cool that you seemed to finally be opening up to me more and I was kinda excited about it. Like that feeling when you think you're in love. Then I realized you really didn't appreciate any of it. You were still busily getting around. I knew you were full of shit by then. I wondered why did he even come to me that way if he didn't mean it? Maybe you were going to ask for money eventually or a place to stay who knows I have no interest in finding out at this point. You are not at all what I thought. Insecure and manipulative telling someone you are going to kill yourself. I'd say all in all you disrespected me 2 fold. Why? I guess that's all I want to know. Attention? You burned all your bridges and you know I am caring  and would empathize? I feel sorry for you because all though your general demeanor is cocky I think a miserable unhappy soul lies in there. Otherwise you wouldn't mistreat kind people with such indifference. You need help. All the help you can get. Just not from me because I don't trust you. I never will again. It's too bad because I really liked the person you pretended to be. Also the feelings you pretended to have. I'd like someone like that but who is genuine. Well that is all. This topic is dead to me.    


Looking for Mary - m4w



I miss my James Bond buddy. Maybe fate can help me find you again? If this is you then feel free to say hello. :-)    


You scratched my back... - m4w



I was surprised for sure. But more surprised at how beautiful you were. There was no way to get that much small talk to find out your situation when my buddy was there. I saw your ring but .... 

Hopefully you have a great time with your sister. I did hear that much. :)

I'd love to chat if there's more there.    


My "cguy1980"  I miss you my friend. - w4m



Jxxx

Missing you, soooooooo freaking much. Im in tears. :'( Sigh. 

Love,
Me

I'm on Fire 

Hey little girl is your daddy home
Did he go away and leave you all alone
I got a bad desire
I'm on fire

Tell me now baby is he good to you
Can he do to you the things that I do
I can take you higher
I'm on fire

Sometimes it's like someone took a knife baby
Edgy and dull and cut a six-inch valley
Through the middle of my soul

At night I wake up with the sheets soaking wet
And a freight train running through the
Middle of my head
Only you can cool my desire
I'm on fire





Bret - w4m



I wanted to hug you and tell you how nice it was to see you. but afraid of  you i guess.    


Route 8 - grey jacket - m4m



Route 8 around 9 am. 
You were wearing a grey jacket with glasses. We smiled at each other. Let's get coffee :)    


Cell phone salesman at the shopping mall. - w4m



You're the macho, dude with a mustache and red wild hair who works at the Cricket shop in the mall.  I am Tammie, the edgy, girl wearing those Myrtle framed glasses, that ordered a smartphone from you Saturday.  I suspect we have chitchatted in the past thru fuck exchange, isn't your nickname Martin? Reach out to me in a direct message if so.    


Shell Gas Station - Monday night 9pm-ish - m4w



You, filled gas, red 4-door, gorgeous you. Me in my red car, BIG chrome rims, filling on other side of pump. You drove around pump, parked went in, purchased Marlboros, me ice cream. Gave you the peace sign on my way out while you were in your car. 

I would LOVE to hear from YOU!? Would love to connect! Bothell, Shell gas station at 180th and Bothell-Everett Hwy. 

Contact me!    


Hot red head mom Puyallup park - m4w



Could help but stare at you. You looked amazing! You appeared to be the definition of milf.    


Summer Joy New Year's Eve - m4w



Hi Summer! It was so good running into there at crown hill value village...I've tried finding you on facebook without any luck...So I'm giving this a shot since i don't go into cafe allegro anymore.  Your smile always lights up the room! It would be great if we could meet for coffee someday...I would love to get to know you better!

Nick    


Hot thin Air Force guy. - m4m



Dark-haired thin Air Force student showering around 7:40 AM. You dropped your towel and key on the floor, I picked it up for you. You Are very handsome. How about a date?    


Granite I.G.A. - m4w



We chatted in the parking lot about your path...  I told you it was ok because you were...?  I'd love to have coffee with you and see if more blossoms.

Steve    


Same old bullshit - w4m



Some sort of unrequited love bullshit I can't seem to get the fuck over. Your dick wasn't even that big, you have a kid and you were a complete fucking asshole the entire time we were together. You were boring, a person of routine, LAZY, and so shallow. 

Your idea of "spontaneous" was to take me to a bar in the mall I WORKED AT. Also, you're fat. 

Why the FUCK can't I stop thinking about you? You don't fucking DESERVE ME. I hate you, I want you to be miserable, and I know you're not. 

I am happy. I have a great job and a great fucking life. Why the fuck did I EVER date you? I am fucking RUINED and there is no fucking way to make it better. I wish I could go back in time and erase you completely. Sad thing is, I know you feel the same fucking way. Except you aren't burdened with a heart that is UNMOVEABLY in love. I can't do shit. I fucking hate this and I hate you. 

Fuck you for being a shitty fucking person. Fuck off

Also, first name begins with R. I want you to know you're a fucking asshole.    


Russian beauty in Puerto Vallarta - m4w



I first saw you in Puerto Vallarta, Dec 10 to Dec 18. Your name is Nadia, and you live in Seattle. You were there with your husband, your children, and their grandfather.

You looked so gorgeous to me. Shiny, silky black hair, dark eyes, and a beautiful smile. I couldn't take my eyes off you. 

I was there with my wife and two boys, although I am not happily married, and we are divorcing. I wish we could have met, Nadia. I wanted to tell you that I can speak your language and that I live in Washington, too (Vancouver).

I will always remember how beautiful you looked and how sweetly you smiled at me when you were dancing with your daughter.    


going to miss working with you - m4w



I learned today that we have just a few days left to work together.

Of all people I work with you have been my favorite and the one I dream of many nights.

Perhaps I will be able to say something to you in person before you are gone but in case I don't I hope you know how sweet and beautiful you are. I wish I had been able to tell you how I feel about you before now, so many missed opportunities.

Ah well, maybe it opens the door for a more personal connection for us?    


haiku for hearts - m4w



.


There is no escape
from the cold winter weather.
Except in your arms.


Embrace me fully and help to combat winter's cold and dark.
Our kisses will give fire to our intentions and fuel our hopes and desires.

Safe and secure, we build a refuge of warmth in the blankets.
I caress your hair peeking out from under the covers, 
and let your feet rest softly on mine; 
completing a circuit of energy that flows through us and between our bodies.

Morning light belies the frigid air and gives the impression of a spring day, 
which is not yet due.

I close my eyes and cling softly to the nape of your neck 
and the pleasures of our amorous surrender.




.


.
.




Girl at uwajimaya international district - m4w



I did a personality survey with you on December 21st around 600pm. You were looking for a Japanese brand cough drop your dad swears by. I had a great time talking to you and regret that I did not get your contact information. It was a simple and casual conversation but I keep thinking about wanting to continue it. If you read this please consider writing back, I would like to have another discussion about life:)    


Alki Spud - Pretty Momma :) - m4w



You are a pretty and sweet Mom, flanked by your adult children in the two person booth.  So nice.  You had a kind smile and seemed so pleasant and so nice.  All of that and attractive.  All of that MAKES you attractive.    I was with my younger kids  across from you.  You were easy to notice, but hard to talk to.  Kind of impossible to introduce myself without embarrassing everyone.   

So, Hi.... this is is.  What are the odds that you'll actually see this?   :)    


You know I want to chill



Why not just sneak over sometime when she isn't here or when its dark or... Send me a message and we can talk..

U know who I am




Sat beside each other on flight home - m4w



We sat next to each other on a long flight home to seatac but didn't talk to each other till we were landing.  I enjoyed chatting with you and would like to know if you want to go out some time and talk some more.  Let me know what happened on our flight and what you were worried about if you see this and respond.    


Hotel Valet - m4m



You fetched our car for us before we headed back home on Monday. You seemed super nice, smile on your face, and were friendly - plus, I could watch that ass as you run for cars all day long! Haha! You knew we were headed home back south, if you are ever visiting and want to meet up, let me know. Which hotel were you working at that day?    


SeaTac air port



You were wearing a grey jump suit type thing and we made eye contact in the line. 
Then you happen to be on my flight. 
Maybe I'm crazy.
But I thought you were pretty cute..    


Pool house - m4w



You And your friend played pool next to me and a couple friends, we made eye contact a couple times and you guys kept laughing. Wish we played or exchanged numbers. I had a hat on, tell me what color or type of clothes I was wearing to prove it's you.    


Courtside apartments... - m4w
Girl in Toyota at Percival Landing *pokemoning* - m4w
Vi Val the cute, quirky gamer chick - m4w



This is entirely random. But as I was laying in bed trying to fall asleep I started thinking about all that happened in 2016. My mind began to wander to early 2016. We were at a bar that recently closed with our separate groups. I went up to get a drink and you came up next to me. We started chatting and I learned that you were a gamer. We talked about a bunch of stuff, especially about how we were both loving Overwatch since it just came out. Later we were out smoking and exchanged numbers. We talked for a little and then it just sort of faded out. Never thought I'd post one of these and this is probably a shot in the dark. But, if you happen to see this I'd be happy to take you out for a drink sometime. You were 110% my type :)    


He would know this is 4 him - w4m



Have you ever met someone in youre lifetime that even just the thought of them makes your heart race and stomache fill with butterflies? The first time you physically met you both just stood there breathless. I missing him so much even after everything we have been through their is NO one I would rather spend my time with. We were supposed to be FWB from the start it got much deeper we only met once, due to him not living anywhere near. We have been talking for year's try 4 years. I still feel so connected with him. Confession: I try and forget him or see other people when he makes me upset. We recently stopped contact Their is a very good chance that he will see this.    


seeking submissive male evolved enchanted mistress - w4m



Must be non peninsula picture, 
Imagine having a brain that takes a while to work,

Working, is an adjective by playing after the work us done,
Girl, is a. Noun, by which, bitch is ?

My specialty is naughty torture , 
Oatmeal raisin 

When I play or aka woeking.
Which switch do u want ?  
Text me Nicely to let me knoe u at my funk 









Wink on nsameet - m4w



You winked/messaged me on nsameet, I couldn't answer you there hmb with your username 
let's talk through here.
Str8tothepoint....no fakes, no fakes, no bs please    


Box of memories



Will be coming that way soon. Don't know where to drop box off? No one that I knows cares to ever see you again. Don't really care for a direct message from you either. Does your webcam partner still reside in the same place? If so I could drop it there. Need to know somewhere. Otherwise I'm just going to shit can it. I'm tired of lugging it around. Tired of storing it. Every time I look at it I get nauseous.    


looking for cricket - m4w



Pig looking for Cricket. Pig very sick looking for you too contact. Have a blessed day    


Star wars stickers walmart - m4w



A few nights ago i was down in shelton. I am down there a few nights a week. I went to walmart. I seen you walking out of walmart. You had on a dark hoodie and sweatpants. You got into a dark colored truck. I main thing i noticed was the stickers in your back window. By the time i got over there you were pulling out. If you see this and are in shelton and free let me know.    


WENDY W. - m4w



Ok... So you probably wont ever see this... but I want to say it anyway... 
Everytime I hear Aerosmith Play on Pandora... I think of you.   
You meant allot more to me than I was capable of understanding at that age... 

And by the time I figured it out you were long gone...
Just wanted to tell you...
Take Care
Jim

Ps:  If the real WW  gets this she will know how to confirm its her...
And it's noone elses business.



Teal Blue Hair - Thinking Of You - m4w



We sat next to each other and you had a very dark Merlot wine. I couldn't get away from wanting to get lost in your eyes. Can we meet again please? ?    


Baby girl - m4w



C,
I know you're not going to see this, but we've stopped talking and i still had so much to say. You'll never understand how much you mean to me. I've been sad, alone, and had given up on finding happiness since I was a kid... and then bam. You came into my life and it was like I started seeing in color for the first time. Life was instantly beautiful. One of the main reasons I couldn't tell you how I feel is that no matter how hard i tried to find them, there are no words that can describe the intensity of the pure ecstasy that I feel when I'm with you. The other reason is that I knew that I wasn't good enough for you. I don't think anybody is. My biggest regret is not telling you that it doesn't matter to me because I'd spend my whole life trying to make you feel the same indescribable feeling that I get every time I'm lucky enough to see you. And as much as it hurts me, I'm starting to accept that that dream will probably never come true. The dream that was once my reason for getting out of bed is slowly transforming into a million regrets that I'm afraid will never leave me. Life is back to the same grey I was familiar with before I met you. But when I'm at my lowest, I can close my eyes, think of you, and the universe is colorful again- even if just for a second. 

I'm going to force myself to stop writing here because I could fill volumes with the words that I never got to say to you. For now, I'll have to just cherish what we had and hope that one day the universe brings us back together. My only wish is that you find the same happiness in your life that you brought into mine. I'll always love you, baby girl.    


Ironman Racquetball Woman - m4w



We chatted very briefly at the gym.  I commented on your Ironman shirt and you made mention you were just getting out of a nasty divorce.  You were with a guy on the court but you were way out of his league and god you had the most amazing laugh.  I was dumbfounded why any man would let you go.   Sorry I took your court but it was such a pleasure talking to you.  I never post here but since I never saw you before I don't know if I will ever see you again, but God I want to.    


subway in Arlington - m4w



Was in subway today thought one of you girls were really pretty, dark hair and eyes    


Girl On The Ferry With The Cat - m4w



You had your cat on the ferry and my son became good friends with it. 

I didn't ask for your number because I'm an idiot. Hoping you see this! 

Reply with your name and your cats name.    


Sams Club (No Seattle) - m4w



Saw you in the store. You were talking on your phone while sitting on a demo sofa. Later I saw you walking out of the store, but couldn't get away then. You were wearing knee high boots with medium heals and we're very sexy. Would love to run into you again soon?    


Seeking Quincy - m4w



You were horsing around with Fern, and I overheard you tell him that you were looking for "Mr. Now."  I didn't think anything of it at the time, but people are now telling me that you were referring to ME! They are giving me a hard time about it. Is it true?    


Gorgeous single mom with son in Target some night before Christmas - m4w



I was a tall guy who got in line behind you as you were checking out with your son one night maybe a couple weeks before Christmas. You and I talked back and forth for a minute. You took my breath away, and I felt that you were interested, but I couldn't figure out the best way to get your number in the situation. Now, looking back, I should've just said, "I'll be out there in a minute." Then you could've stuck around or not. Either way, I was tall, and I was purchasing only one item. Do you remember what it was? You actually considered buying it for me.    


Whole Foods around 3:30 Monday - m4m



Handsome man in long, running tights dishing up some food at the deli - we smiled, it was crowded, I couldn't tell if you were alone.  I was wearing black too.  Coffee sometime?    


"a bunch of words"



Fat is unappealing but fat shamers are ugly to the bone
I am not attracted to fat but it isn't as bad as a fat shamer.
I would invest time into helping someone I liked get in 
better shape if they were asking for help.
A person that cares about their health and appearance is an 
attractive person unless their ego gets in their way.
A person with an inflated ego is an unattractive person
Even if they appear attractive.Arrogance is self deception.
And competitiveness only feeds the illusion of entitlement.
I am interested in truth, I think its interesting enough
People are people... Mean people are just a drag
And weak character traits are common in low places.
But everyone has a good character trait worthy
of praise and those who praise their prey to acheive 
their means merely exist by choice.





We talked about wine at work - m4m



We work together and talked about our passion for wine, along with a few other hobbies. I've had a big crush ever since I first met you. I find confidence and intelligence extremely sexy. The way you glance up at me sometimes, drives me wild and I end up doing the same thing 3 times in a row before I snap out of it. It's obvious why I haven't been able to make a move, but I always hope that you'd take the plunge and just ask me. I would most definitely say yes. ;) 




Poo poo point hike Jan 1st - w4m



D. 
My friend and I meet you at the top of Poo poo Point on new year's day. You have us some whiskey. I thought there were some sparks. If you're interested, please let me know! (Let me know what hat you were wearing, so I know it's you :-) )

-R    


I may have taken a part of you, Ethan S. - w4m



Ethan, 
I live with this guilt. We were in a relationship for a year or so, however, I never fully gave you my all. You moved into my mothers with me and sacrificed so much of your own time. 


I suppose the point is- I am sorry. I hope you are well.    


RE: For You



This could be for anyone. Could you please repost ??





Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!    


unsure and kinda OK with it



as the moon kisses the sun good night longing to stay..if only briefly they share the sky, like eternal lovers who's timing is never quite right.    


Re: Life



Sometimes the signs we think we're seeing are figments of our imagination, constructed by our deepest desires, misinterpretations we've willfully allowed to cloud our judgement. 

I've been where you are, fooled myself into thinking that someone loved me because of the signs I thought I saw.  It escalated to a dangerous point because there was no way of confirming my suspicions without dire consequences to myself and the person I was infatuated with.  What allowed me to escape the haze of wishful thinking was removing the person from my life and drastically limiting correspondence.  It's difficult, but with time the situation becomes clearer and you can begin to discern between what was genuine and what was a fabrication.  

I hope you find peace of mind.  I know all too well how difficult it can be.    


Lil ceazar beauty - m4w



I seen the most beautiful sexy short Latina I came in with some work buddies he left with pizza regretting having no real opportunity to say what I thought. Not sure how to approach the situation but I can't get that woman out of my mind.    


Jason - w4m
WholeFoodsMarket - m4w



Saw you hanging with your girlfriends by the coffee bar. We exchanged multiple glances at each other, like school kids looking away pretending not to care haha well if you're by random chance reading this I'd like to take you out on a date ;)    


Smiley blonde at Goodwill - m4w



You're the cute blonde with chunky bangs I saw outside of the Capitol Hill Goodwill around 4:15pm today. We exchanged smiles and "hellos". I went back to ask you out, but you kindly declined. You seemed thrown off in the moment, so I figured I'd extend another opportunity if you had wished you had reacted differently. Let me know if you've changed your mind! :D    


NYE Snoqual Craps Table - m4w



You were on the corner on the other side, gold blouse. Came over to my side I did not have much time. I think you are beautiful. I want to meet with you. Interested? Let me know & tell me what you were wearing around your neck to be sure its you.    


Salt n'pepper muscle - m4m



Thanks for letting me watch you shower this afternoon. Hot body and cock, but I guess you know that.    


Great Wolf Lodge - m4w



Chance of a discrete hookup here at Great Wolf Lodge is so small but damn some of you moms look so hot!  If only you were as horny as me and willing to take a chance while everyone is playing...  just pull that bathing suit to the side and let me lick you! ;). My 8inches is baby safe and clean, havent been laid in months :(    


black yoga pants and brown boots - m4w



You were walking by me around the water section in qfc today about 4pm. You have long wavy blonde hair, you had on all black with brown boots. We locked eyes as we passed,and I'd be a liar if I said I do not absolutely love your eyes.
I'd like to look into them on a regular.    


My raider girl at winco - m4w



I was talking to you and your sister.  I think you are hot wanted to give you my number    


Multicolor blonde at winco leather jacket - m4w



You are so gorgeous had a leather jacket you were with a guy i hope he isnt anyone important. I was in the bulk section leather jacket. I would love to talk. Tell me what hat i was wearing    


Neighbor on Melrose and Olive - w4m



You live on the north side of the building next to me. I've never seen you but I've been enjoying your awesome musical taste. Clash, Adam Ant, Naked Eyes, and on and on! I like to imagine you're a nerdishly handsome single straight man :-)    


GUZMAN



LOOKING FOR ANN ROSERIO GUZMAN FROM GUAM MAITE/TOTOBROTHER CLIFFORD MOTHER SARA IF YOU KNOW ANNS WHERE ABOUTS REPLY WITH EMAIL PLEASE THANK YOU JOE    


pink hair cashier at Fantasy Unl - m4w



Monday 1/2 around 2pm
It as pretty empty. I had messy s/p hair. I bought something from you
You have a sexy voice and a pretty face. I would like to talk
What did i purchase?    


GUZMAN



LOOKING FOR ANN ROSERIO GUZMAN FROM GUAM MAITE/TOTOBROTHER CLIFFORD MOTHER SARA IF YOU KNOW ANNS WHERE ABOUTS REPLY WITH EMAIL PLEASE THANK YOU JOE    


Red head - m4w
Saw you at Build A Bear - m4m



I saw you at Build A Bear with your family. You were a cute chubby guy with glasses. Would love to hook up!    


Lynnwood safeway - m4w



You crossed the parking lot in front of my truck. I think you're beautiful and I'm hoping you're single... I wish I would've jumped out before you got away. What kind of or what color was my truck. Let me take you out, at least give you my number! G.    


Sweet gentle



We were never lovers.
We only kissed in dreams.
You layed your head on my torso, 
And i felt stronger than ever. 
I don't need anything but the knowledge that we are building
A world we want for eachother. 
This is how I court my ancestors. 
This is my gift.    


TJ - Lost your number - m4m



Looking for a guy I meet up with every now and then. Last time was the weekend before Christmas. You moved again. You're white and blonde and I'm latino. Lost your number but would like to get together again. Tell me something so I know it's you.    


The Baranof NYE, your birthday



We were both atThe Baranoff on New Year's Eve. You were celebrating your birthday. You sang REM's It's The End of the World with us and saved it from being a complete disaster. You mentioned you had spent a lot of the last decade living in Asia. I am curious to hear more of that story. Want to meet up during daylight hours?    


Life



A few words: 
It's been a few weeks now, since I've seen you last. A revelation that strikes me through the breast with every miniscule amount of attention and recognition I allow that stone of truth. I am not sure how I allowed myself to stray so far off the path of reasonable assumption; so far that somehow I believed that there were signs and clear (but silent/masked) acknowledgements between the two of us at every (even brief) encounter. I am flabbergasted to learn that I have been incredibly non-insightful, and I am bitter inside to learn that I see only that which I most desire to see; that somehow I can manipulate and mold experiences to fit the precise action that would excite the senses and lead to a perception of mutuality. Am I really that fucking bat shit crazy? I've laid hermit, acting as a recluse (my least favorite thing for sure), trying to wrap my head around it. All of it; the confusion behind it all. I question my sanity to have been able to supply reason where no reasonable evidence was given to conjure up such a hypothesis. Was any moment even real? Could I have imagined each glance, each comment, each laugh or touch. No, certainly not. It's like putting together a 1000 piece puzzle and everything fits until you get to the 1000th piece, expecting it to slide right into position where it was destined to be, then you find out it doesn't fit; it doesn't even go to the same puzzle. I suppose this analogy is accurate, mostly, since I am puzzled by ability to displace myself unto others. The problem is, all those moments I mentioned (in an overly generalized form), they encouraged a care a passion to grow for you. If those moments were not real, would not this pain be reasonless and void of necessity? With that I suppose I begin to heal. The disappointment of placing 999 pieces of a puzzle perfectly together only to discover that every bead and ounce of thought and time spent was useless can leave a person despondent, but hey it's only a puzzle after all.




Sexy bbw mature woman at gym - m4w



Good morning!

I saw you at the gym this morning and it was a real treat being able to glance at your sexy body (especially your nice plump ass). I could def feel vibes good vibes coming off you as we moved closer and closer to each other in the gym until we were right next to each other working out in close prox. I would def like to get to know you and maybe become workout buddies ;)

P.    


winco sumner - m4w



I must say beautiful. You walked in front of my truck with your knee high boots on looking hot . I had to stop and tell you hello .Hope you see , let's talk    


Hotwife at Fujiyama on NYE Night - m4w



To the beautiful wife at Fujiyama in Tumwater on NYE night, please get in touch with me.  You are white, maybe 35 with your white bald husband.  I am white and bald, 45 with my brunette wife. 

We were sitting across from each other and it was very clear you and I had a connection!  I was waiting for you to go to the ladies room so I could slip you my number, but you never left your seat.

You have crazy sexy eyes and a gorgeous smile.  You had a green sweater or blouse on, tattoos on your back, a green purse.  Why did you pay for dinner?  

If you get this, I would love to talk to you!  I live in Seattle and we were just visiting a friend having a party down there that night.

Please reach out to me, would love to get to know you, even if its just via e-mail.

Andrew    


Sitting in your gold car trying to stay warm



Yooo u wanna come in? 

Warmer inside I think rather than parked in our apartments


Maybe I can share the warmth

Hit me up    


Midwest guy...we talked and had fun - m4m



Hey there,
We spent some time together, talking about the Midwest, Trump, etc.  I really enjoyed meeting you and hope we find time to get together.  Thanks for a great evening!    


Coworker at Costco - w4m



I worked with you at Costco for a little while... I got the vibe that you were interested but I didn't see you during my last few shifts. (I was waiting until my last day to offer my number because I try to keep it platonic at work.)
If you happen to read this, tell me your name and what area I worked in with you.    


SEATAC New Years Day - m4w



You were on the Southwest flight to Oakland and I was headed to Oklahoma City via Denver. We talked about retirement and other things. You mentioned that you might have a job on Bainbridge Island. I had to run off when my flight moved to another gate. I didn't get your name or phone number. I would like to see you again.    


Well I Just Keep Thinking About You - w4m




And I just can't live without you; can't you see it in my eyes?
Now I been one poor correspondent, and I been too, too hard to find
But it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind

Will you meet me in the middle, will you meet me in the air?
Will you love me just a little, just enough to show you care?
Well I tried to fake it, I don't mind sayin', I just can't make it




Dicks Broadway 10pm 1/1/17 - m4m



Was in line with you and your friend at Dicks Broadway
10:00PM Sunday night 1/1/17.  You were cute and tried
to talk with me. Email if this is you. You were from NC.
Thanks..    


Twin flame - w4m
Happy New Year - w4m
Bella Luna Tim - m4m



We met Sunday, tonight at Bella Luna.  I gave you my number in the parking lot but did not ask for yours. Lets catch up. I had fun chatting. You said it gets old cooking for one. I'll cook for the both of us anytime . ;)    


Climbing at SBP 1/1/2017 around 4:30 - m4w



You were a blonde woman climbing at SBP around 4:30 on January 1. I shamefully beta-sprayed on a green on the north top-out for you (which you then got!). You seemed unhappy with your climbing and said you'd just come back from a month off, but you seemed like you were doing pretty well and kept getting through the stuff you were working on with a little perseverance. Would like to climb with you again or grab a bite to eat sometime.    


met on the train from France to Italy in September 2016 - w4m



I hope you see this, we met on the train crossing over from France into Italy in September 2016. I hopped on from Milan, and you were going from Nice to Venice and I was stopping at Verona and going to Venice the next day. I liked talking to you, hopefully you see this and we can keep in touch. Hope to hear from you!    


STARBUCKS - w4m



To the guy in the black Porsche SUV, I was behind you at the Lynnwood Starbucks drive thru on 164th St SW. You paid for my coffee.
Thank you. You're so very kind. I'd love to buy you one too given the chance. I promise to pay it forward otherwise.    


Denise of Columbia City - m4w



I enjoyed meeting you, Denise, at Monkey Loft on New Year's morning. Thanks for coming to stand by the fire with me. Would you like to meet again?
--Adam from West Seattle    


I'm married and you're not - w4m



You ripped through my head with all your colorful words, putting me up on a pedestal that never existed. I fell for it, and have been crippled by those words ever since. 

Your mixed signals aggravate me, and I've tried giving up the thought of you several times. But every time that I encounter you, I am drawn so deeply to you. 

We only live one life. Sure, society expects me to be monogamous with my husband. But in the moments I am with you, I want you. Live in the moment with me.....allow passion to guide you once in awhile.    


A feeling on new years day




I will never forget how it felt to wake up next to you for the first time.

You were then as you are now, but I was captivated by you and at peace and nothing could have shaken me from that feeling. It is a peace I have missed and do not know or feel anymore since you left.

For the longest time, I would remember that feeling and I could do nothing to beat it back. I would be overcome with emotion and would come completely unraveled and collapse in exhaustion. But I no longer have that problem. A lot of things became clear to me during this past year. Maybe I would wish for a lot of things, but above all else, I wish I had seen it all sooner.

Now I can put that feeling on the shelf next to an old photo book and a box of greeting cards, and I can let it decay in its cracked little mason jar of memories I have from a life we made that was filled with your lies. 

For as far back as I can remember. To the point where I question if anything, ever, about you was true. To the very core of your being, of who you said you were and what you claimed to believe in.

Lies like that, of that magnitude, are like fungus: seemingly innocuous, yet cryptic and parasitic, they will kill anything and everything near them slowly, deliberately, and painfully over time, and leave nothing but decomposed matter behind. Because the first lie you sell to gain trust, and love, and admiration, and respect, and who knows what else. 

But by the end, after you've used one to cover up another for so long, there is only a parasitic trail of dead things and cryptic meanings and things that will never come to exist that are left behind. There is nothing left but the death of an expectation, of dreams, of promises, life, and love, and contempt for what slowly crept in to take it all.

That's the feeling I have now. That's one that I probably will not be able to put back on the shelf. All the other jars of memories are cracked and decayed or have already gone. Almost as if they were never there to begin with, like my own mind had deceived me for all these years. 

Except it wasn't mine.

It was yours, Angel.    


pho in bothell - m4w



I walked in and you were with your family and had on black nikes. me the guy in the grey seahawks jersey. I hope you see this!    


what bus goes to seattle from everett - m4w



Its 8:41 pm..you just asked me what bus goes to seattle..you just missed the swift..i told you the 5:12.you were black young pretty and i was smoking..i wanted to keep talking to you but i didnt want to hold you up on my behalf..you had on shorts and i didn't notice the whole time to you walked away..i started to chase you but i was like let me let this girl make it home..probably already stressed enough..anyways doubt youll see this because i dont even do this haha..if you do dope..lets link    


In my apts - w4m
Wanted to do a double take - w4m



I was looking at something and texting someone and I heard you walk in behind me.  I turned to look and mumbled "hi" then turned back around.  I wanted to look again because from the little I saw you appeared to be a moderately attractive man...which I don't see often around here.  You are probably married, but if not, and you think this might be you, tell me where we were and what I was looking at.    


re: It's okay - w4m - m4w



Who is your posting in regards to?  Within a few hours after I read your post Sunday afternoon, it was deleted.  May I ask why you removed it so soon? 

I don't know who you are referring to, but I do hope you find true love.  And I do know that this world can seem quite cold and lonely at times; but please, just hang in there.  I'm sure better times will come around!

-D    


Best western tumwater - m4w



You walked by as I was checking in you smiled I smiled you were really beautiful you should come to my room for some sexy fun    


Volunteer Park 6 PM - m4m



Not really a missed connection. Met you at Volunteer Park tonight around 6 pm. You had on jeans and black jacket and had a cock that curved downwardsz sucked you off and you shot a big load. I complimented your cock and you my mouth. You said happy new year and almost tripped. I rarely go there, but down to meet up again.    


Walmart halucination? - m4w



I was working at Walmart this morning around 830 in the auto care center, helping cash out a gentleman.  I looked up and saw you standing behind him with this incredible smile on your face that just forced me to smile back.  I finished with him and turned to put the papers away, but when I turned back around my smile faltered because you were gone.  I even quickly looked down the aisles for you just in case you were still in the department... I think you were wearing pajama pants and a grey sweatshirt... Blond hair and bright blue eyes... Thank you for the beginning of a hopefully great New Years, and if you see this, HAPPY NEW YEAR,  and if you want to contact me back... Please tell me what I looked like :)    


Mo New Years Eve! - m4w



We took an Uber together. You took off and I was idiot and should have invited you back to come party. Hoping I wasn't too off putting/ a mess. Hit me up and let me know how you left the van. 




Missed connection on Ashley Madison - m4w



We connected a couple months back on AM. You gave me your email, lost it, when I came back your profile was gone. One of my pics was from a restaurant you recognized in Bellevue. Would like to reconnect.    


Hispanic  women in black jetta with ruby red lips - m4w



i saw u at the circle k 76 gas station by thomas  jefferson high school in sunday december 11 2016. we made eye contact when we pased by eachother and the. u looked at me when u walked by again. i was to nervous to come talk to as i was with my family if u see this plz email me love to get to now u more. i sure hope this works. because u had me stuck..lol hope ur single    


uber connection - m4w



I picked you up on Capital Hill new years eve and I attempted to get you close to the needle. We were stuck in traffic and you had to jump out on Denny and had to walk the last few blocks to make it by midnight.  I told you how much I enjoyed talking with you.  Let's meet for coffee or something to eat.    


Lacey Mcdonalds in ravenna - m4w



drunkenly bought a sausage egg mcmuffin this morning after a long new years, you were sweet and beautiful. Grab a drink sometime?    


Looking for jazzy jess - m4w



Hey we hooked up a few years back I was in the army and we talked in POF and we met up once and you recently came up on my Facebook people suggested    


David N.  - "You're the Biggest Part of Me" - m4m



Dear David,  I was your first boyfriend and Ronny got us connected.  I'm so sorry how I was back then and realize you were the best man one could have.  I live in TN now and to be clear	, you got me an album and our favorite song was "you're the biggest part of me".  Heard Bob passed and want to check on you and restore our friendship if you are willing.  Hope you see and answer this. "G"    


blue jeans,black jacket,red bag,converse shoes - m4w



Blue jeans,black jacket with good on,red bag,converse shoes,and tan colored skin. You were standing by yourself on Broadway earlier today looking lovely.
I was walking by on the other side of the street dressed in black looking like a ninja while looking at you and wondering to myself if you are single and if you'd be interested in me.    


saw you at clear choice - m4t



I saw a cutie girl at my smoke shop Xmas eve, you were wearing black and orange Jordan's 

I wanted to say hi, however we were way behind you,

If you can tell me what you were wearing and the color of your hair and nails) I would like to maybe link up,



A pic would be ideal,

I'll wait for a min hope to hear from you,,    


To the cute girl at marinepolis - m4w



Hey,so im trying this again. I dont know if you saw the first post I put up,but today you approached me. We talked a little about new years when you rang me up,I was wearing a gray beanie. You dont have a name tag,but i still think your pretty cute and I wanna talk to you more...    


Bellevue Hyatt - Dec 30 - m4m



Long shot here... we met up at the Bellevue Hyatt.  You were at the urinals and I went into the 2nd stall.  You came over went into the 1st stall.  You opened your door but I was too chicken to open mine... We played under the stall for a bit.  Got interrupted a couple times.  Unfortunately, I had to leave so I stroked off a quick one.  You followed me as I left.  I wanted to stop.  You're cute. You had white shoes and I had grey ones.  You had a knit cap on as well.  Reddish...Tell me what color jacket I had on.  Would love to really get into what we were there for and maybe more...    


Farm supply - m4w



If your the blond chaisher at wilco I didn't get a chance to say how pretty your hair looked today. I have see you there a few times never had a chance to give you my number but would love to take you out for some coffee or more hope you see this    


Green shirt steel creek NYE - w4m



We met at the water and had a fun connection. I joked about you being a psychic. You said you flip houses. I'm wondering if we had a misunderstanding at the end of the night?    


Tum/oly. our dogs met - m4m



Our dogs were playing at the gully over by black lake. It was nice, we just kind of hung out quietly (other than me getting after my dog) and let them play. Hit me up if you want to do it again! my pup can always use more buddies. Let me know what your dogs name is so I know its you.    


Sometimes - m4w



You are missed. It's hard not to want to try again. The boy is worth it. So are you.    


you are black fitness/model/trainer ... used "african stud"? - m4m



Hoping to reconnect.  I used alias "for...boi", where the name of the country replaces "..." so you can prove it's you.  You used an alias like african_stud, or stud_africa.  We met up a bunch of times, often at the QFC near my place.  Lost your number and email.  Drop me a line if this is  you.    


You have the biggest cock that I have ever seen - m4t



Ok, I was totally intimidated by last time. 

It was my first time with someone as dominant as you are and you totally broke me for a few days, you spun me around.

Your number doesn't have vm, it is full, I'd really like to do that again soon, and I'd love you to bring your friend.    


Lost you email - m4m
I'm back, but I'm not emailing you - m4w



I'm not doing a back and forth justification of how fucked my life is. I have responsiblities, I've had to compromise, and I don't have the luxury of being as black and white about my life as you do. 

I'm here for three weeks, I'm not here to take, I'm here to give. I'm happy to say that I don't know what that means because the funny thing about giving is you can't do it alone.

I'm tired of hearing how violent you are, how powerful you can be, how shaken I will be in your presence. Your chest beating may impress other folks, but it just comes off as bravado.

I'm here, I'm trying to get my bench better and you know all the best places to eat. 

Oh yeah and I'm squatting three of you now instead of two.



blonde with red jacket at steel creek - m4w



We've met before, but neither of us remember where! Your friend kept dragging you away.    


We danced and kissed at midnight at LTD. - m4w



We danced and kissed at midnight before I made a fool of myself at LTD in Fremont. I didn't get your info, you were blonde with two friends. It's a long shot finding you.    


she is in my dreams - m4w



She is in my dreams,.i will love her and cherish her in every way,she will be spoiled with affection,she will get back rubs her feet rubbed,her face touched softly and told how beautiful she is everyday.she will be my best friend,my everything.she will have a beautiful heart and she to will be lost till we find one another,this is my missed connection,this is not for any specific person.i just feel like the love of my life is out there,.but we keep missing each other,story of my life,me 46    


Walmart chik. - m4w



U wer in Walmart asking another employee wen u got paid u wer wearing a faded cahart jacket. Was jus wandering if u mite wanna go do something. It was 7 ish in the mornin n I was calling my lil sis a bitch.    


Tall confident man - m4m



Met you last night in a dream... hit me up if you had the same dream. You were very self-assured.    


NYE Olympic Athletic Club - m4w



We smiled at each other on the second floor, while working out in the same room.

This is not the first time I have seen you, nor you me. 

I think you're great and I want to know you.

Happy NY sexy gym stranger.    


Beautiful Theology Major - m4w



It's been over a month now. We chatted over coffee. You were working on a theology paper and reading "Exclusion & Embrace". I was working on my book and let you read some of it.

It's been a long time since I have seen such intelligence, caring, and soulful beauty in one person. Was really hoping to hear from you or see you again.

I hope you have had a wonderful holiday season where ever you are. If you see this write me.    


Paul and Cherry - mw4mw



Both of us think you are hot.  We want to fuck you.  Just for fun.  How to approach you?    


The Charmer on Capitol Hill - w4m



You were at The Bait Shop on Friday with like five girls. You weren't wearing a ring but the two girls on your sides both seemed a little possessive. But if you're single, I thought you were really cute. My friends and I were eavesdropping on your table a little and you were talking about libraries. I am obsessed with books and the library so we already have that in common.

We waited in line for the bathroom together, and you asked me a trivia question from the cards. Tell me the cute joke you told about it so I know it's you. You were wearing a cute cap and a sexy air of confidence.    


SARS - m4m



I really want to meet up with you. I was standing outside wandering if we could convers but you went out to buy a soda. Give me an email, so we can meet up    


Des Moines Library - m4m



U were using the computer 101..wearing a brown sweater..hope u heading this way.I think ur hot....wish we could hangout and have some fun..we made eye contact when u left the spot. I am bi and I wanna suck your cock.    


Friday night in Fred Meyer



Saw you in Fred Meyers in the fastener isle on friday night hardware dept. We were having an interesting conversation that we didn't get to finish. You were looking for some way to hang something from the ceiling. Get in touch with me by replying.    


You Know - w4w



It's been almost two months since you and I parted ways against the plans I wanted for us. Spent all this time bettering myself in every way imaginable to be worthy of you. Think I've arrived at the point I need to so I can say all the things. 

Spent the last week planning a trip for us to Europe so you could be surprised in one of those big grand romantic gestures. But thought this would be simpler. 

You're my soulmate in every sense of the word. We have had this connection since we met last year and have gone through a lot in our time together. You have this amazing sense of peace that surrounds you and makes everyone aware of you when you enter a room. You're an amazing woman not because you are gorgeous but because of your heart. It's what made me fall in love with you. You are kind. You are sweet. You are smart, driven and ambitious. You are everything I ever prayed for in a partner. 

Please choose me.    


QFC - Pac Hwy - m4w



You were in line behind me in QFC...you had graham crackers and nice white pants.  You were tall with the prettiest eyes.  I was in a grey sweatshirt and made eye contact with you, too many times.  I should have said hello.    


Another Year - w4m



Another year gone

Did you follow your heart?
Live as if it was your last day?
Dream big?
Never let go?
Never give up?
Kiss someone passionately?
Tell someone you love them?
Rekindle an old flame?
Find a new flame?
Feed your soul?

Another year comes
You still have time
Don't let go this year
Don't give up
Dream bigger than before
Kiss her with passion
Tell her you love her
Try once more with her
Apologize for any hurt you may have caused
Give your all this time
And feed your soul
Always.
XxoO



The year of YOU - m4w



m
Another new year approaches, with our memories left behind
This was the year of YOU
I can't seem to shake you off, as much as I've tried you're the one I think about as I lay my head down at night. You're the one that haunts my dreams and again you're the one that I miss every morning.
My hand reaches out to an empty space on my bed, with sleep still in my eyes. My heart drops as I sadly realize you're not there. 
I sit in my truck even though I have no where to go, with the radio playing a song that reminds me of you. Wishing you were next to me singing like you did. I see happy couples walk hand in hand, secure and safe. They go home together, no doubt knowing they are loved. I pretend that it doesn't hurt, I say I don't want that. I didn't know how much I did until you left. Now I'm just that guy that you'll see looking intensely  at women , if only you knew it was because I'm trying to see if they could ever compare to you. They cannot compare to you....or your heart....or your soul. 
It's sad really that I didn't tell you this in person when you gave me that chance.... that still kills me. 
How many times I've made a dialogue in my had to prepare to tell you... I've lost count. How many letters I've composed on my phone to send to you.... But it's been edited so much that now it doesn't make any sense. How many times I've wanted to text you to tell you that you were right. That love is worth fighting for and communication was key. Now I'm just this creepy guy who constantly thinks about you, loves you, wants you back. Now I'm just a lesser person without you who will ring in the New year alone. With no one to kiss or love, but that's my problem.  Now I'll just pine over you for the rest of my life. Sure....I may find someone, someday but you were one in a million. Sure she'll be pretty but she won't be you. She'll be funny but she won't have your spunk. She'll be loving on me at night but she won't make me feel that fire inside like your did. She'll just be someone that I'll be forever comparing to you. I'll never stop loving you no matter what you may think. If ever given the chance to even see you again I'd do everything, anything, just to start a conversation if not to say hello. I'd try to not stare in your blue eyes and feel overwhelmed with emotion. I'd try to not want to reach out and envelope you into me. I'd try to not break down and cry just because your near me. I'd try to not tell you 'I love you ' as you say goodbye. I'd try not to give you this letter. But I probably would do all of the aforementioned. I'd go against the rules. I'd go against the tides. I'd do anything if just to see your face again. My heart needs to beat again and only you can make that so. This year was the year of you, Mel    


I couldn't help but stare into the eyes of amazing brunette - m4w



It what about 6 o'clock or so. You turned down the aisle that I was at, and from the first moment we saw each other I was mesmerized we locked eyes until we passed each other and just before I turned the corner I turned to look back at you seeing you look away from me but I don't think you noticed we passed each other again down another aisle and lock eyes again. And I haven't been able to get you out of my mind I can't stop thinking about you.
   I would love to meet up with you and get to know more about you.
    If you could tell me what I look like and what I was wearing so that I know it's you.

    Sincerely
       A hopeless romantic    


Centralia Safeway, man with dachshund - w4m



A little while ago, while you were in line, your adorable dog invited me to come talk to her.

How rude of me to not speak with you first. I was caught off guard when you spoke to me.

(Everyone knows you shouldn't touch someones wiener without an invitation!)

Can we have a do over? =)

Happy New Year!    


Wellington Apts, shaved head, beard, black glasses - w4m



You were outside smoking and looking hot with your sexy beard and I was walking by in my white North Face coat, our eyes locked for just a second.  I can't stop thinking of you taking me on that big white bed I can clearly see though your blinds ;)

I'm only a few blocks away, can we get a drink and see where it goes?




You helped me with my phone on the bus - m4w



I'm from North Dakota. You got off the bus in Bremerton right before my stop the other evening    


Aaron - w4m



I can't help thinking that where ever you will be at midnight tonight, you will be wishing you were with someone who loved you. And I will be wishing I were with you. It seems like there is a simple way to answer both of our wishes.    


The One that has my shirt I LOVE YOU - m4w



Why did you flag this post? Send me a message and tell me,

 All that have seen this and sent emails of your negative thoughts. Apparently you do not believe in mistakes and TRUE LOVE. I do and yes I will keep this going till I find out either way. 

To the one that has my shirt (MB). I am sorry I did not believe you. I wish we could of started off differently and our choices were more timely. I MISS YOU and love you so much and the way you made me feel that I was the only one you wanted to make happy. I felt I was not good enough for you but that was my insecurity.  You sat there and listened to me and I sat there listening to you. I should of known we were soul mates when we wouldn't get upset about anything the other was talking about. You know where I am and life has changed. I am so ready to make it a life time and LOVE each other and experience the road together and with our dogs.    


Baggage Claim - m4m



Long shot, talked to you a bit after we both had similar experiences at baggage claim. 
Thought you were insanely cute.    


When its final - m4w



So I know the agreement and I know I am the one who brought it up in the first place but I hate missing you. Its not your perfect body or beautiful face I crave its the connection I feel in those glances and brushing touches. 

I know how I feel about you and have made that clear, very clear. I know to that I will end up as the rebound and am strangely OK with that. I guess the bottom line is the time we had together combined with the talks and texts have been like something I have never experienced. That said I will be there anytime you need no matter what.

I give you the one true thing only I can give to you.    


Blonde at Bank of America in Magnolia - m4w



You were just walking back to your green SUV type car, blonde, and I was walking with a friend and couldn't stop checking you out. I never do this but I actually was turning and looking at you as I walked the other way. 

This was on new years eve at about 2pm.

I was the bearded guy in a blue jacket.

If you see this, please reply! Happy new year!    


show me your courage



your body
your name
your courage
full 
a
flame
desire
meets my cold hands
in your heart-like stone
this inferno
show me
let me feel your blood-splattered 
heart
darling
show it
now
your name
in colors
black
red
white
and
blues    


Pink pants - m4w



You were a classy looking dame in pink pants walking down 4th with your sister? You had a greyish? shawl. I followed you for a few blocks because I thought you smiled at me.    


You put away an xmas tree - m4m



You put away your xmas tree last night. I watched you from afar through the window with the BLM sign.  You were so methodical with your choice of vinyl before taking care of business.  Love to see what you did with something that mattered.  Give me an address and I'll let you know if you're right.



SASG Xmas Tree Lot - m4m



Anthony, I bought a xmas tree from you Thursday 12/15 at the SASG Xmas Tree lot around noon.  We had a great chat, met your new puppy.  Would love to reconnect. Greg    


I never thought you would answer!



But now that you have I cant get you out of my head. It was nice to chat with you. Who knows maybe the up coming year we might meet up again.    


haiku for hearts - m4w



.


I smile at strangers
to send a friendly message
passing each other.


It doesn't hurt anyone, and I am not stopping people walking by.
I'm just bucking the trend of walking face-planted into devices.

I see you coming, and you see me too. I'm not looking down. 
Maybe that's why our eyes meet.

When you are living in the present, there is not much time to tweet or retweet, 
post or repost, or drop out of now just to prove you were there too, in the recent past. 

It is gone now and instead of a snap, or tap, or click, 
the memory of the moment past leaves only a flavor. 

A taste of salty or sweet, or cold air or warm kisses 
that cling momentarily to our lips.

And now the taste is gone.
No less real for not being shared world-widely.


.

.
.



no longer blonde -- leaving for la - m4w



I don't think I'll be back before you leave.  I should have gotten your contact info last night, but numbers from there are perilous.    


Spend NYE alone..how depressing - w4w



i am young and should be out partying tonight instead i'll be 

at home, smoking a spliff wondering how i lost all my cool friends.

they don't want to be around me because i can't drink
they don't want to be around me because i am heavier set and think i wont be able to keep up with them
they don't want to be around me because i have a repulsive tooth that is out of my control to get fixed
they don't want to be around me because i am single and clearly want all my straight friends 
they don't want to be around me because i clearly don't have feelings and sitting at home alone is perfectly normal
they don't want to be around me, so tonight at midnight i'll hear everyone else having a great time, kissing their s/o, and remember i used to be invited to things like that, used to have girls begging to date me (yes even while heavier set and all that) 

they don't want to be around me so tonight i will kiss myself, 
tell myself all the things i am going to do to improve this year
tell myself i am worth it and don't need a cruddy holiday to prove that
tell myself not to make myself sick trying to please anyone who doesn't give 100% back
tell myself to always get back up when knocked down 

friends can be your anchor or the wave that knocks down boat 

who do you have around to bring in the new year?

remember the nerds that are sitting at home without plans, your invite could be the one thing that starts their new years off with a simple smile.    


Handsome Tow Truck Guy - m4m



Sorry you had trouble with your truck, but glad you came out, man you are hot, we had a good chat, wanted to say more, we shook hands, and dude you got a good grip would like to know what it feels like in other places.

Not sure if you will ever see this,but definitely want to see you again.

      - Boss    


Safeway - m4m



Saw you check me out at the Deli dept, Starbucks and when getting in my car.
Shoot me a response so we can hang out.    


At lunch today... - m4w



You caught me looking at you a couple times, and I lost likely looked foolish, because we made direct eye contact, which leaves me nervous and awkward.

You appeared to visiting someone.

I hope you read these.....because you have very kind eyes, a beautiful smile, and you are very attractive overall.

IF you do, and IF you'd like chat, describe me. There was enough going on that you should be able to figure out who I was.    


Volcom boots/shoes encounter in Freshens, Seattle Airport - m4w



Hey! If you find this post, I just regret asking your name and number. You complimented my shoes and I think you are an awesome person. Please message me with the color of my parka if you can remember. 

Hoping to be your friend!

-Rob    


Fyi - w4m



But you are missed and loved

. Without knowing what to think it's been 
Impossible for me to let it show




who would be dumb enough to be my wife? - m4w



without a written agreement?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? and do you think your my mother???????????    


Guy from enterprise - m4m



You work for enterprise & stopped by yesterday and picked a car up from me. I just wanna say, you're very very sexy and I'd be down to hangout sometime :)

You're white, young to mid 20's (about the same age as me), have black hair and beautiful, sexy eyes

I hope you see this man! Hit me up    


Sexy guy at dealership - m4m



You've came to the lot I work at a couple times and you get me nervous with how sexy you are everytime I look at you, I think you might've been looking at me too

We've talked really briefly a couple times but I'd be down to get to know you more and hangout

You're fit, chill, about the same age as me and have amazing eyes

I was the guy in a button up shirt with glasses 

Tell me what dealer it was so I know it's you! Hope you see this bro    


Chronic Ache - m4w



I don't want to hold on to these mistakes until someone else makes me forget I made them. I want you to come back around and tell me you miss me. Tell me you care and you understand. I want your love and forgiveness. I have tried to hate you until I loved you through it and I wish you'd do the same. It's not that I decided I'd stop coming on so strong, without reciprocation it has been near impossible to be honest about my feelings. I hope you know I still dream about the day you'd come back around to see me for who I actually am, not what I was made out to be    


RE: RE: My husband dosen't like to fuck me - m4w



i never know where anyone is they just talk to me,. of course i have no transportation and this is strange but very real and its cold. im not alone i know that and nothing that works always seems to work when im around.    


twentyforeseven



Honey,
Babe,
Sweetheart!
Happy New Year!
I Can't help But 
Think of yOu!
Especially our
intended kiss!
In the still of the 
Night It's the Worst. 
It's an Ache.
So Far Down, 
In the Deepest
debts of my Soul
I Choke on It. 
Never Goes Away! 
I am Surprised That the 
People Around Me,
That are the lose; 
Don't Notice, 
Know 
Or Care.  
It's a Feeling 
of Invisibility. 
So, Froggy, 
My Little 
Gooey Duck;  
I Pray That Your 
Safe and Healthy.
Smiling.  
You know how 
I already feel
about you, 
I've written a novel
to the world.
For you.





regicide - m4w



I like you a lot Gabrielle . get in your car come see me. ill be looking for you    


delta flight 4484 yesterday - cute stewardess i gave my candy to - m4w



Our SEA-YVR flight yesterday had multiple delays.  We even boarded and then had to deboard.  I bought a bag of chocolates to give out to the 20 passengers and staff on the flight.  I gave the rest of the bag to you when we landed.  

If it weren't for the fact you probably were just starting your work day, I'd have asked you to dinner.  If for some reason you're in Vancouver the next couple days, drop me a note!  But, more likely, if you ever get to MSP (where I live), definitely get in touch.  I'd love to meet up and take you out.  

Happy New Year!    


Edmonds Kingston ferry - m4w



We met on the ferry and talked for awhile. I know this is a stretch but I've been thinking of you since. I complimented you on your smile and we joked about your daughter's toy. I wanted to ask you out but didn't get the chance before we parted.    


I Was Wrong - m4w



I miss what I wanted. Not what we had. I was painting the picture blindfolded. In a dark room with no source of light to guide me.
The energy I thought I didn't have was really just my heart closed off. 
Encounters change us and some will even expose our true self. Never invest everything in someone who has already peaked. 
Thank you    


My Ruby Rose - w4w



You'll probably never see this but I Seen you in QFC PL and the first thing that came to mind is Ruby Rose, with your tattoos and chain...you were at the checkout and maybe work there? I came out to see where you went and I think you went to the apartments behind the store...? I'm super shy, but oh my I was so taken by you. I dream of you and now I can't go back to sleep...If by some miracle you see this respond with the name of the complex you disappeared into    


I miss you every day, Leah - m4w



I don't know if you're going to see this, You probably won't. I'm not sure where you are, if you're even still in Kent. 

I think about you every day. I still look for you. Someone told me once that if you really love someone, you never stop looking for them. 

I'm not a stalker. I won't try to talk to you, at least don't directly. It's probably not something I'm in the position to be doing. 
Still, I just can't shake you. 

I think about you, I look for you. I just recently found a few pictures of you online. Part of me had almost forgotten exactly what you looked like. You're cute. I love you hair, your eyes. Your nose is adorable. Man, those lips though. Gorgeous, big, sexy lips. I miss every single part of you. 

I hope you're doing well. I'm doing really great. Got my GED and am starting college next week. It was 100% me, but, well, I've gotta attribute it to you a little. You drove me to get over my shit and improve myself. Every time there's a hiccup or some bull shit to deal with, I think of you and it pushes me to keep going. You did so much good for me. 

Maybe I just can't let go of something that's long, long gone. 
It's hard to summarize, or justify the why of any of it. It's not something I feel pride or shame over. It's not a matter like that. It's just a necessity at this point, and I think it will be until the day my brain begins to rot.    


Mistakes were made... ...and they buried "us" - m4w



That fateful few days...
The mistakes that I've made...
Reciprocated by thee...
Alas, we may never have been meant to be.

Truth is a bitch,
it hurts more than lies.
I opened up to you,
removed my masks of lies.

My dreams of you never end.
They taunt me with images that shall never come to pass.
I suppose I earned my part in this...
Thus, forever, I am damned.

Goodbye, friend.  It was lovely knowing you, until that very end bit.  Our bad.  I hope we learned a thing or ten.    


Becoming Alpha - m4w



So the real transformation begins by my utter failure with you, you with whom I began shedding the weakness that remains within me, which keeps my force from owning your heart. It is in this cold and dark night that my soul shines through the pain felt by ruining you. You will remain a golden stepping stone that I'll cherish long after you've forgotten me, long after I have died in your mind. The wicked ruthlessness of transience that eats me alive sets me free.    


Pole Position for UFC fights - w4m



Taylor, handsome Army guy from Hotlanta, you were watching the fights with your skinhead and Nigerian friend (lol) and your white dude friend was cut off. I think you're super cool and I happened to notice you have a very nice ass. I'd also love to admire ALL your tattoos. You said I was the coolest person you've met up here in Washington, but we didn't exchange numbers. We should have a drink again. I promised I wouldn't bite. Message me. Please.    


PCC Deli / Lost Keys - m4w



We were shopping at the deli counter Friday evening and we smiled at each other.  You checked out and left the store before I did.  I saw you again though near your car looking for something and asked if you needed help.  You thought you had lost your keys but found them and thanked me.

I hope I didn't misread anything, but felt there may have been mutual attraction.  If so, would be pleased to treat you to a coffee sometime.  Please identify your hair color, model car you drive, and where you were parked in the lot to identify yourself.    


re:  Families



What are your initials?  






Please do not post phone numbers, email addresses, or URLs in personal ads!
Some required information is missing or incorrect.
Please correct the fields marked in red:
Please supply a postal (ZIP) code.
Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!    


SISTER GOLDEN HAIR SUPRISE - m4w



ARE YOU STILL OUT THERE ? ARE YOUR SINGLE NOW ? READY TO GO TO THE OCEAN YET ? OR JUST TELL ME WHERE YOUR FAV PLACE TO EAT IS ??    


FAMOUS DAVES - m4w



I MET YOU TONITE, YOUR NAME IS CHRISTINA AND FROM THE TIME  YOU LEFT I WAS KICKING MYSELF FOR NOT GETTING YOUR NUMBER. YOU ARE NAVY FROM THE NIMITZ AND JUST WENT TO MEXICO.  I AM GIVING SO MUCH DETAIL HOPING THAT EVEN IF YOU DONT SEE THIS SOMEONE WHO KNOWS YOU MIGHT. I WOULD LIKE TO GET TO KNOW YOU BETTER AND MAYBE A MOVIE TO START.  I CAME STRAIGHT HOME TO POST THIS SO HOPEFULLY YOU WILL CONTACT ME.   CROSSING MY FINGERS    


you delivered my pizza around 430 to 5 - m4m



I was having a party at my house, was a little buzzed when you showed up. Small apartment complex. Two pizzas.

You are sexy as fuck! Would love to get to know your cock. I would have invited you in but I had three other people here. Ha.

What pizza place was it from?    


Families



You know JJDLDJ,

my family only wants me to be happy so if they happen to have any trouble they would manage and in the end..they would handle it.

Your family, I could do whatever it takes to keep them sane, if it kept you sane.

And you certainly don't have to worry about feelings, or things changing or me feeling discomfort.  I just think I would come out of my skin if things progressed anywhere.  Don't really want to be a big world changer anymore.  Too much self-deprivation all those years and I didn't change much.  I mean the world changed me, but it really stayed the same.  In fact, it turns out the real world has just invaded my nice American bubble.  So, I just want you and that's all.  And all the things I already have.  Maybe some security so that I can help you feel secure.  Anyway, I don't hold any hope on it really and I have things to keep my happy.  It's just grief with other losses in 2016.  And I'm sad, and I just let it be sad.  Blessings to you beloved.    


U district Pizza Chef - w4m



You were handsome and talented and had kind eyes! I was a bit weird with a red sweatshirt, but I'm pretty nice and cool. This is a stupid post but let's go on a date.    


Cryptic



Why...just why can't it be straightforward.  Why do I have to be feeling everything in the dark?  It's a set up for me to just fail.  What's in it for me?  It will never pan out for me.  It feels like a mean game.  And I keep playing along for the hope that you really mean it.
Are you this angry with me, after all of this?  I am waiting in the distance, and I know if I play into this, like I am right now, then you don't respond and it's the game again. 
There is nothing I have said or done in the last two years that has made one bit of difference, because I have told you what I wanted, I have been clear, I have begged and thrown tantrums and submitted...
So with that....I don't know what else I can do?    




Seahawks wig wearing man w/ Dad - w4m



You two sat down next to me at the bar after the game. We were in a semi classy place and you had your crazy wig on and your face painted. You had been at the game with your dad. I was sad I had left my hat at home. We could have looked ridiculous. I loved it. We had a great time. I didn't think to grab your name or number. But you keep crossing my mind. If you're interested in talking more shit and watching more ball.... message me with my team or where we were. 



I DO MY LAUNDRY AT CHEHALIS  WE TALKED - m4w



WE TALKED AND I TRIED TO SEE YOU AGAIN BUT  YOUR GONE  YOU ARE MEXICIAN LADY   VERY LOVELY HERES MY PIC IAM TIM DONT KNOW SPANISH  AT ALL ILL LEARN MERRY XMAS TIM    


24 Hour Fitness - m4m



You, handsome young man, dark features, athletic build and a great smile.  I was the older guy that made eye contact several times in the locker room and the hot tub.  I had hoped to get a chance to say "Hi" and chat for a few minutes, but the bus driver (?) had your attention.  We smiled back and forth several times.  Dinner somtime?    


Natalie - m4w



I miss you, we've had a connection since we met at that concert in 2000. We always had to behave ourselves because we were always in another relationship with someone else. We finally connected and our connection grew more. 
I know you've been dealing with a lot and the time again is gapped again. 
The last we talked I had gotten that money returned in the mail because I put the wrong address. Then it came back undeliverable . I know it's not you avoiding something happened in the mail ( just detail so you are certain you know who this is) 
I miss you Natalie, our long talks, random road trips, holding you at night and feeling you sink in my arms. 
I'm a new person because of my sobriety but my feelings for you are still as strong as I had starting in 2000 at the Tacoma dome. I don't remember the concert but I certainly remember the moment we found each other.



405 brand new truck came out to help! - w4m



You in a truck asked me if we needed help. Your eyes are amazing. We were parked on the shoulder. Let me know what kind of a car I had. I'd like to take you out to a drink.    


Didn't you know? - m4w



I'm a Scorpio,
We're kinda known for being obsessive SOOoooo....
What do I do after the approximated time in which "infatuation" is speculated to be allotted and diminished, and I still am possessed by some sort of gravitational influence of you?
That of course is all hypocritical...
In seriousness, my apologies if my confession has brokered any discomfort towards my person and character with in you.
I  wish to state to you my sincerity, that I will be a friend first to you. I will keep my word to you and also I will abstain from deliberately causing pressure to your life. Also to this and you, I apologize for any thing that you may be feeling since my "annoying" confession. 
You are perfectly free to think, do and feel what you wish.
I will lastly let you know, I will not be prejudice against you for any reason including in the case of my own personal perception of you.
I  respect you and will be alert to your personal boundaries. I  will keep your words to me, safe, non-obstructive  or intrusive.

Enough of my soft words.


Stay  strong for yourself.
Have a pleasurable new year.




saw you today - m4m



you were about 6'6 with big bushy hair thin with a large cock i just thought you were so hot.  i watched you get sucked off through the gloryhole around 1pm very hot    


Safeway blonde with Newcastle - m4w



You were the beautiful blonde with a 6-pack of Newcastle Brown that walk out the same time as me.  You were exquisite!    


I see you everyday at your work - m4w



We say hi and chit chat a lot you have amazing eyes, beautiful  long hair, two gorgeous kids your car license says Montana but with your type of work you never know. I hope you see this and know that the guy with the pihuahua really wants to go out with you......    


Funny thing about that word called respect - m4w



Pretty much everyone can say it...some can speak of it..a few know how to spell it...but very few know meaning of it and how to convey  it! I don't know about you but my parents taught me it was a 2. Way street.. If you want respect you need to give some!! Imagine that ? ..that concludes today's lesson boys and girls    


library - m4w



I've never done this, but I hope this finds you.
Your son came up to me and my kids and was very friendly. I never got your name, but you were brunette and absolutely beautiful. I'd like to get to know you more. Do you remember my kids names?    


Japanese in Seattle area - m4w



Looking to connect with Japanese in Seattle area! Thanks so much any help and info! Happy holidays    


haiku for hearts - m4w



.

The days seem stranger
this year than during past ones.
Post election blues.


I can't seem to shake this sense of impending doom. I keep watching the skies 
as if the attack is coming. I know it won't. It's not the bridges they are after. 

It's the currency that is at risk, the banks, the cables, the jobs,

the system.

Let's start a commune and grow our own foods, and organize outdoor markets 
and share with each other our information and tools.

and learn to help each other instead of letting our silence make us vulnerable.

It is our pride and false beliefs that make us suffer in silence instead of facing it head-on,
as a group.

Even here, strangely, there is power in numbers, if we only count ourselves in.

Do the math.

.
.




We work in the same organization - w4m



You have an amazing beard......I wear pencil skirts basically every day.  We work in the same building.....Today you came through my hall with something while I was huddling with my work group.  Tell e what it was to prove me you are you and maybe another fact about yourself or our run ins that I would recognize?



Big Block - m4m



you have no idea, my life has changed because of you.... I accept. That I wanted with all my heart for you to kiss me.... Never before EVER have I felt this way... you are so incredibly adorable with your trim beard.. dancing eyes... with a friend? Boyfriend? Me? I was alone pretending to watch the game but we both knew I was falling hard for you...smitten. I hope we find each other again. I won't let the chance pass... and if I can have you alone for a second, perhaps we can kiss......for a really long time.....    


Thinking of you - w4w



Your elegance is astounding. Your curves make me moan. When you are next to me I swell. I dream of being in your arms. Your lips on mine. 2017 has to be with me and you conquering the world.    


Lilcon square cinema restroom - m4m



It was Christmas day i went to the movies at lilcon square in Bellevue then I went to pee then you arrived, discretely I look at your cock and wow it was amazing you notice I was staring at you the you game a full view. Dude you got an amazing cock. I know you are interested in men for the way you discretely showed me your cock. 
I was the younger guy with a grey jacket, black sweater and blue jeans you where the older guy I will say on your 40's-50's.

If you want to play let me know.    


You were shopping at Target - m4w



Ran into you a few times at Target.  Thought you were hot.  Was behind you in line and was thinking of a conversation starter when a register in front of us opened up.  I was the white guy in the Washington Husky sweatshirt.  Took a pic while behind you, tell me what was on the front of your sweatshirt.  Hope I caught your attention too!    


You sat down next to me at Starbucks but I had to go. - m4w



You sat down next to me at Starbucks.  I was running late so I wasn't able to stay for a chat.    


We Chatted Today at Kenmore Air - m4w



This morning we both helped our relatives to take photos next to the planes.  We chatted briefly as the plane pulled back in.  Neither of us have taken the flight before but agreed that it would probably be fun.  

I think it's highly unlikely that you will read this here but just in case you do, I'd like to connect again somehow.    


Today



What a nice change of pace. A complete gentleman with a slight twist. 
Today something I hadn't realized or a better word , remembered, hit me.
Being in the arms of a man is where I belong.
Been so long I had forgotten. 
But I remember now.
Thank you.
I will find my home.
For now, let's play.




Lyft Sweety - m4m



if this makes any sense, you and I had a conversation that I really hated to see end.

What do you drive?  I remember.  Would love to have another chat sometime.    


The law of attraction - w4m



I miss you! I'm used to hearing from you more. I know you said that the next two weeks would be busy, but I can't help wish I had Someone comfortable to talk to too. My xmas vacation with the kids have been amazing. I miss your voice! I hope your holidays are good!and full of love. Enjoy the sun! I hope to talk to you soon. If you care? And... If you don't, I don't care either! Lol awh...bye!    


driver paclease rental



Saw you in Tacoma shorter guy dark hair handsome don't know if you are into guys at all be fun to grab a beer with you    


Looking some party - m4m



Young Latin guy looking party in the down town nice people to meet and good body    


looking for heather - m4t



Looking for Heather. I know she's a cute TV and has some hard candy. Want to buy more she drives a gold Benz,blonde hair. Heather call me or sender post. I lost your no. If anyone knows her have her contact me please    


saw you working out in orange shirt today - m4m



I think we both caught each other lookin this morning while working out.. :)

Tell me somethin about where we were.. maybe it could be more than a glance.




Seattle fitness - m4m



I couldn't tell if you were showing off before/after the shower. I didn't want to be a creep and stare and you left before I could say hi. You are cute/hot!    


delivery driver - m4m



You delivered to my house yesterday 12/29/16 shortly after 4pm, we talked about my guest house,
while talking you either popped a boner and tried to hid it or you had an itch that needed to be scratched. I would have scratched that itch for you or adjusted your boner for you. Great smile and a damn handsome young guy, get in touch if on the slim chance you see this...    


RE: Advice ? Here's Your Foo Foo Advice ...



Simple,
Take your fist and go fuck yourself !!
With No Cake.
You T'ain't shit.
Well it's about time she left you,
how long did you think that limp
piece of shit dick bag was going to 
keep her ? Only until she was so sicken
by your actions and Immature behavior
and woke up to look and see how
much your bullshit isn't compatable 
with me. 
Who wants some loser cheater that
plays women against one another ?
The funny thing is 
"I AM LEGEND" and is what you got
is bitches who think your the cats meow
boy your just a fucking loser J...
you might ass well turn gay...
I am.
I fucking hate you and all your Foo Foo
fucking manipulating bullshit.
it's a matter of time and I'll be driving
to that house nobody knows about.
because you fuck bitches of the homeless
kind in a trailer in somebody's yard
because they aren't good enough to
go home where you truly live. 
(It helps when Puget power sends a reminder
of your power Bill due when your on line)
That's too funny .. that's a god thing.
again I would have not ever known.
that's karma working you see
it's already started to take its course
you messed with the "Mother of all Mothers"
And took my Rune and my balance away,
you don't mess with the final Element 
your actions speak louder than your lies, boy.
go to the bar your loser friends are waiting.
so is Timmy hurry forest Run.!!    


LA Fitness W. Seattle - m4m



Saw you at the gym in the sauna and locker room Thurs. eve.  Watched you first at the pec machine. You have a fucking AMAZING body dude! You had black short trunks on in the sauna. Would like to see you out of them. Thought I caught you checking me out as we got dressed in the locker room. If you're interested in connecting let me know what letters are on those hot trunks of yours!    


I miss my Puerto rican hottie - m4w



We were Fuckin buddies While I was in college, you were rockin it on the days I came over, You are a hott and freaky Puerto rican woman that knew what I liked, Then you disaperred, Didnt say a word. I would like to know why you left. Love to keep this going, Tell me what the nick name was that you gave me. Lets talk again. I hope to hear from you soon.    


Lost in love with Outlaw - w4m



.....my heart longs for you.

When we are together and in-sync, we are truly wonderful. I am incredibly happy at those times....

You decided you truly want your own biological children. I am unable to provide you with the joy of creating a life, your legacy. 

I love you so deeply.... I would prefer to see you find the perfect woman who can also fulfill your dreams, then to anchor you to myself. 

You deserve happiness....a family of your own choosing. 

Please understand, however, the life-style you state is "yours" and you won't change it....is NOT conducive to raising a child much less maintain a relationship. 

I am so sorry that I could not be more than "a wonderful woman" to you.  Two years...ups and downs....I committed to you despite the odds, despite the anger from a few of your friends who lost your engagement with them; despite the obvious differences in age, lifestyle and physical needs. 

I love your family....I still talk to your dad even though I never had the pleasure of meeting him before his death. 

You have much more to share with those around you! Find you....be you.....fulfill all of your dreams. 

Know that I will always watch for you....always able to assist, an angel in the background cheering for you, Outlaw. 

Love ....only love for you.    


Oh you reverted - w4m



Yes you did revert and so did I.

All these years later I know it was him, I loved and still do love... 

All these years later I know I will die with his name on my lips.  

He didn't deserve that.

I am paying daily 

Keep what you have    


Airport Video encounter - m4m



This was a Thursday in November. Technically not a missed connection but we neglected to exchange contact information.  This was in the video arcade early afternoon, I was in the last booth watching a video, I was older tall guy with average build with mariners hat on, you came into the booth you were late teens early twenties latino boy, you asked if you could join me and then you started rubbing my cock through my jeans.  I told you if you kept that up I was going to cum in my pants.  You said stand up and proceeded to take my belt loose and then unsnapped my pants and slipped my boxer briefs down and proceeded to give me the best blowjob I have had in a long time.  When I was ready to cum you said give it to me and you expertly swallowed all I had to offer.  I wanted to return the favor but there was several guys around looking into the booth and we both got a bit rattled.  I would love to meet up again maybe somewhere a bit more private.  Hit me back and just tell me what kind of shirt I had on, I would definitely be down for a repeat encounter,  Maybe somewhere a bit more private?    


looking for a date with Chase girl - m4w



Looking to date the girl working at Chase bank in Fred Meyer location in Lynnwood. Her name starts with A. We talked about different things many times. If you see this, email me. I would like to go out with you.    


Club Sapphire Fri - mw4mw



As we were chauffeured around the club last night for our orientation, my wife was captivated by a specific couple. He is 40'ish with glasses and silver-white hair parted in the center. She is very pretty, trim and has long hair. Did u happen to notice us as well? If so, care to meet for coffee some time?    


Re:Re: Advice - m4w



I wish you better luck in 2017.  Obviously, you are jaded.  I'm sorry she broke your heart.  Did she leave you for another man?  Damn...exhale.  Pull up your big boy pants and sit beside us at the bar.  I'll buy you a foo foo drink too.    


SW buddy - wearing black hat - m4m



Hey, this is a long shot. Just wanting to see if you wanted to hang out sometime at a bar or wherever. You're really cute and appreciated your company tonight. You seem really nice. I was the bottom in a room you kept visiting :) message me your name and I'll respond with mine (you told me your name tonight). Thanks!    


more crappy, fucking shitty poems - m4w



Under the stairs - I paint, read and take notes like I am my own davinci
Under the stars - I admire, think and like to imagine what was and what will be
my flow is so inci but one day I'll succeed in this life with cycles, so I start small
the itzi bitzi spider decided to take the high road tonight and outsmart them all
emoting and molding right thoughts, my hopes are all I have and all that I have got
Writing notes, designing tones, and living musically with this igniting flow,
nothing can stop me because my passion is my depressions antidote
I know I can finally cope, so I stay on guard and stay on my toes
even though I have no friends, I am not broke and I just stand so tall
it is all because of the hard work I have put in since I was so young
One day I'll bridge the gap with rap and all of its art forms
One day I'll unhiged whats untapped, on track to stay the course
The forces of the universe are insane enough to make me wanna create amaze
these writings of a dark poet, a late bloomer with stories; stored as poems in crates
call it my frail forest, an assortment of my lowest moments, now I'm solely great
Fortunes scattered over this fortress, a mind feeling its importance, if only I attained...

Listen to me, I can become the antidote of problems...    


Trying to find my mother Kim Myung Ja ? - w4w



Kim myung ja divorced my father. Mother
remarried, have step son, step daughter. 
Father remarried have a child. That all I
know except. Mother and Father was married
five years before I was born.    


Korean guy at pssy sauna - m4m



We had a brief chat at psy sauna mens dressing area i grabbed ur smooth ass seems like u like it
Send me an email i would love to play more with you    


Hung uncut guy next to me in sauna - m4m



You sat next to me in the sauna today. You mentioned afterward that you're getting over the flu when I mentioned how hot it was in there. I couldn't take my eyes off your cock. If you happen to be into guys or interested in exploring with one, give me a shout.    


apple - m4w



I want to eat of the same apple,that you was eating,please give i a bite.
##########:::::::#:#######:::    


ISRAEL CANADA NEES YOU SO DO I!!! - m4m



ISRAEL I LOVE YOU SO MUCH I MISS YOU SO MUCH ISRAELI EAT HIV BEVAUSE OF YOU!!! ALSO LIKE YOUR LITTKE BRITHER HERE ALSO OK!!! I THINK HES LIAM?  LIAM  im very sorry of we had bonded i might not of lodst your boig brither who amazing!!!canada is great country i like us all here ok1!! i can also wirk you in movie sets ok!!! im guessing israel your beyond my movies now!!!    


Inder from my Uber Pool - m4w



Hi Inder,

We shared an Uber pool last night - picked you up at USF. We talked about various things, work and travel - you've just got a great, positive way about you (I told you I like Michiganders!) and before I knew it we were at your place and I hadn't asked for your number. Can I buy you a coffee sometime? -M    


Bustergates circa Monterey Rd & Alma Ave and Denny's - m4w



Saw you on dating site like the Neighborhood Walmart -- you smiled and we exchanged greetings, you had a wobbly cart, I said mine too, then again later at the plain yogurt deli case I said I wasn't following you, and you said that's okay. Breakfast?






Looking to Date... - m4w



I was trying to find a lady to have late night dinners, long scenic drives, movie nights, long walks under the moon light along the beach. But then you deleted your free profile on the ForBossesOnly dating website. What happened we where online chatting exchanging pics then you went away? I know that this site has lots of woman looking for guys to date but I was only interested in your profile. If you decide to go back on to the free dating site ForBossesOnly please come say hi. I was the guy with the hazel eyes. You know who I am. I'll be waiting.




sexy asian playmate - w4mw



you posted a mw4w looking for a sexy asian playmate
we exchanged a few messages, you sounded fun and sexy and you liked me too and we were supposed meet up at a bar close to Moscone center a few nights ago
i am sorry, i didn't make it... i was actually on my way walking there but got nervous and didn't go in
now i regret it can i get another chance
you have deleted your post
if you are interested please reply
(you were in your 40s, she asian like me and he not, i work in retail and sell... do you remember?)    


4 Embarcadero a little after 1pm today - m4m



Me: 30 white tall blond guy
You: cute, handsome, hot young guy. Super sensitive and came in seconds. Asked you if you lived here and you said yes, but I wish I had gotten your phone number. Hit me up if you'd like to hang out sometime. I'd like another taste.    


Re: Loss for words - w4m



I hope and pray it is me you are wanting to talk to. 
Pleaseee tell me you are the one that was my MC. 
You see, you thought me using everyone. 
I wasn't. I HAD my job. I HAD my own house. 
I was the one supporting HER ass that SHE was saying otherwise.
I paid the bills, I got the food. I was the dominant bitch in that house.
I was SO pissed at everyone for saying I was a looser leach. 
I was a DUCKING SCHOOL TEACHER! I took a DUCKING BREAK to spend time with you.
PAID BREAK! Ever heard of it? Medical leave is PAID leave. 
You ignorant ass. You thought me using everyone? HAH!
Don't you think if I did, I would have landed a better spot than middle of the bad neighborhood?
What, you think my shit is so bad I could only spread for a 20 spot? 
Boy, I was paid 1500 just to model in my CLOTHES! 
Why do you think I said I refused to use men for ATMs? I didn't NEED money. 
I HAD all I needed with your smile and DUCKING company. 
I was happy being broke and laughing. I WANTED to struggle. 
I wanted to grow that is what it means with "GROW OLD WITH YOU" isn't it? 
Wow, you missed your mark Big time. Instead, I hear you are with a liar worse than me.
What was it you once said, "Never trust a lawyer because they only have their own interests at heart." 
Or, "Never trust someone who sells homes, they are always gonna show you the best deal for them." 
You know, I am smiling on the inside that I got so sick. I actually am thankful. 
I honestly think I dodged a bullet by missing out on you.
While you were busy proving your manhood to MS. judge, jury and execution...
I was loving you for the big Kid you were who taught me Growing up could mean without pain.
I LIKED the goofy side of you with the strange jokes and the lopsided grin. 
I see she had you get your teeth straight, you hair done the way she likes it. I miss your curlilocks. 
-sighs- If you wanted to look like the backup singer to that boy band who had his pants dropped. Yep.
You hit the money, honey. I bet she LOVES that boy band NEARLY as much as she likes Reigning. 
You HAD to name your child after mine. SO origninal. LOVE it. 
Go get that boy. Go show her where to bury that bone. Got to get that money for mommy. 
You know, Out of all the things I miss, I miss my best friend the most. 
This fake ass wanna be boy band dude in the paisley plaid goody tu shoes isn't him.
I remember the real him. Yes, he may be a jerk. Yes, he may be an ass. 
You know what, he was HONEST. He isn't that anymore. 
By the way, did you know I cared when your best friend died? 
Did you know I tried to track you down and heard all about your date with the bottom of the bottle.
I blame that on how you got where you are. Responsible. Loving. Genuine. Keep saying it.
We both know where you wanted to be vs. where you are. You're welcome to your "happy life." 
I had to give up my dream to give you yours. Remember that. I was your stepping stone. 
You weren't mine. Jerk. You never said thank you. You still hate me for saving your life.
You are EMBARRASSED by me because I am still the way you used to be and I was SOBER!
I didn't need drugs or alcohol to be me. I didn't need anything but you to put a smile on my face.
Why do you think all our friends were jealous? Do you really think they hated you for your money??!
If so, WHERE ARE THEY NOW JERK?! Yea, thought so. They aren't so jealous anymore. 
I wonder why. -giggles and runs off- 
Just so you know, You can't lose what you never had. 
I miss what I thought I had and I only got empty promises. 
I CAN thank you for one thing. 
I have your only son. -smiles- Yep. You read it..
I was when you left, you thought I lied. 
He is just like you. I am teaching him to be like the old you. 
Before your resting dickhead ways came into view. 
He will be an asshole only when in defense of his own views. 
Wanna get to know him? Come talk to me. 
'til then, Resting bitch will stay that way because you want me in the past.
You don't talk about it, because you don't want people knowing you had a kid with me.
He LOOKS LIKE YOU and THEY ALL ASK ME! ALL YOUR FRIENDS!!!! 
How do you think I knew about you and her and the little? LMAO!!! 
I had to stop being their friends because they all wanted to tell me about how worse off you were.
How did you like Jail? Fun wasn't it? -shaking head- Peace out boyscout. over and out.
-skips to the beat of her soon to be song- 
I knew it all along. 
You could have proved me wrong.
Instead, I have to sing you this stupid song.
All because you and I can't get strong.
We need to hear the ring of a gong. 
Then, we would fight all night long. 
So, who won this round ? 
-sighs- I miss my best friend and I was wrong.
I wanted to know him for more than a ghost that was gone.
Now, I am becoming a ghost to all that knew me and I am gone.
So now I sing "SO long!" 
I got better things to do than lose more time over you.
If you wanted me in your life, you would have presented me with more than your absence. 
Time to give you that back. See where that is at? 
I wanted to be a friend that had your back, but I guess SHE thought it was wrong to do that.
How I have heard from all the other gamer girls. What happened to your balls? 
Does she have them strapped to the walls? I mean, really? A room with a veiw is good enough to you?
WOW, Here I asked for a single room and you could have the entire enterprise batcave.
Oh well, guess I can take it to my grave. Which, unfortunately wans't a lie. 
I am really going to up and die. I wish I could have told you better than this but it is what it is.    


Met in Mt. Shasta - m4w



Hi,
Enjoyed meeting you! There was definitely an attraction for me. I think your amazing.  Gave you my card and I really hope to hear from you. If your interested hit me up, text or call. Hope you enjoyed your holidays!    


Canyon Inn (Sunday) ... - m4w



You - mighty fine lookin' lass behind the counter  :)
Me - Sunday afternoon patron admiring your alluring form in very tight jeans 
Maybe - you need a foot rub after a long day on your feet   ;)    


Yung hung stud at your service - m4m



Offering a full body in nude massages head to toe . Exotic Massages can go from 30 min 60 min and 90 min feet and full body massage , well hung equipped here   for rates  contact me or reply to email # four three four - 321 - sixtyfive eighteen for more details just send a message thanks .    


Alexis - m4w



through seasons, years 
memories endure, inquire 
portals indelible vistas glimpsed  
tonic essence 
you'd recall 



Need Relaxation here offering massages - m4m



I'm a  certified physical therapist male here to help you with . Offering a full body massages head to toe . Massages can go from 30 min 60 min and 90 min feet and full body massage , for rates please fill free to contact me or reply to email #  four three four - 321 - sixtyfive eighteen for more details just send a message thanks .    


Ursz, you are missed - m4w



Simple as that.  Not sure why you went sideways out of nowhere, perhaps irrational fears, unfounded concerns, the sport of it?  No one knows.  And I'm just not one to chase.  But there was definitely some amazing chemistry jumping off.  I won't bother with details since, unless I miss my guess by a mile, you won't know who this is and the circumstances could describe several...I only say that because of experience, I would say it's a pattern with you. Too bad as well....could have been great.  I still think about you often and hope the best for you.  My humble suggestion to you....if you miss someone, one of them....reach out....don't bust chops over this ad, because if you get the wrong one it would be an insult, salt in the wound.  Just saying, if you miss someone, take a chance, reach out.  Take care.    


1/5 on Bart - w4w



We both got on at Powell, you got off at West Oakland. I was the trans guy with the bike...we talked about my band t-shirt. You were queer POC, short hair / fauxhawk. I thought you were super cute, wish I had talked to you more :)  If you see this hit me up!    


park cruising - m4m



you were asian guy that cruised me in my car Thursday after work. i was too nervous.
try again?    


You were window washing. - m4w



You said you had recently moved here from New Orleans because you lost your job for looking through windows. I own a power washer and we're hiring. If you're interested, message for details.    


Spooky Pookey



Spooky pookey. 

Pookey, spooky! 

Poo poo spooky. 

Booky, pookey? 



------------------






friends - m4m



We have mutual friends. I consider you my friend now also. We have made jokes and eye contact. I feel hopeful that you  are bi. I have really been wanting to play. Suck you off and please you for the sexy man you are. Send pictures and some fun things that we have done together and I will let you know if it's you or not.  Send pics n stats.    


Gesturing on BART - w4m



Pulpy romantic retelling:

We were on BART. You were wearing mostly black, notably tattooed with a black tab on your lower lip. I was wearing a black head scarf with a lock of pink hair peeking through, and a patterned sarong over black leggings and arm warmers.

We never said a word, but our body language spoke volumes. You appeared amused by my dancing toward my bicycle. I was amused that you actually noticed. Over a series of smiles, gestures, and salutes, it was clear that we are similar kinds of weirdos. We didn't even break the act to get each other's names.

Describe your neck tattoo to verify your identity and I'll give you my name and availability to meet up.    


Still Not Over You - w4m



It's the new year....but thoughts of you have carried me on to this year..from our yesteryears.

 At an angle, I think meeting you was by far one of the highlights of my life.  I still feel this sense you are in my mind... an essence of  exqusiteness, charm, fun and loving.  I feel somewhat blessed to have been a moving picture in your life at one point in time.  I hope I have also lingered in good ways in your heart and your mind. I know at one point you mentioned I'm your fantasy girl...and that you think of me all the time....which warms my heart. 


It would be a denial to myself...if I said not having you in my life is easy but its the best thing for now. I received your text the other day out of the blue.  Instantly, that undeniable feeling of wanting you flooded my thoughts.  Still wanting you, after all this time of being apart..does that mean my love for you transcends so much more. I am afraid you have that power over you....it's an exciting and scary thought. But I'd probably choose you as my number one..over and over...in a perfect world.  

I have to opt out for now from trying to voice my feelings for you directly.  It will just be for my own thoughts...although not in fruition has such great moving force. Life can be rough and rocky...and right now I am patiently but relentlessly trying to climb up once again.. Not sure if the falling is harder or the getting back up..but I somehow unequivocally  feel the weight of each.

I can't be sure where your heart is at the time you had sent the text..but reading it gave me a sense of fulfilment..that my heart so much longed for.  I guess when it comes to the matter of the heart..even the littlest thing like your text really makes and shapes it.  You've continued to be the only person to keep my heart..in that shape. For that, I would be foolish to say...that I am over you. 
I still miss you...so much. 

LF    


We had a threesome in Milpitas today - m4w



I tried to break up with my gf yesterday and she insisted she had a surprise for me.  Indeed it was you.

I Still don't have feeling for my now ex-gf, and I begged her to give me your contact information because I want to have more fun with you, but she refused.  Maybe you'll see this.    


white guy in filipino restaurant - m4m



Last night, you were eating alone seated next to our table. I was with my friends.  We kept catching stolen glances.  I don't know if you were waiting for someone since you stayed longer at the restaurant after getting your bill. If you see this, reply back to me with the name of the restaurant.    


Had to cancel my OurTime dating site - m4w



Terrible site in every way, they censored my post for my politics...anyway, if any of the local women who tried to reach me there and found that I disappeared you can reach me here.
"Secede"    


Loss of words. - m4w



please, get a hint. ive found someone whos 100x better than you'll ever be. its obvious isnt it? i no longer return calls/txts, get it? my dick is in her vagina and my face is eating it as well. she's got a job and owns her OWN home. which is awesome because you never had JACK shit. just loafed off everyone else....
BTW get a job and stop being a sourpuss. youll never get a man acting the way you are, only a foolish boy would go near you!    


what I said.. - m4w



What I posted the other day way spot on! Doesn't stop a man from missing the guck outta someone! Feel me!I would walk away from everything & everyone to finish what needs to be done. That's mad love... the lady time we ever talked or spoke was threw 3rd party voices. It is was you that made those moves. Should have to me! You had nothing to fear!??? 

Lalalala    


The hard part about breaking up with/losing someone u truly love - m4w



We have all heard the over used, trite sayings we tell people who have lost someone, move on, get over it forget them, harden your heart to the, accept that they're gone.... but I realized just now readubg my friend Jamie's post where she writes that true love doesn't go away and I realized all of a sudden the hardest thing to accept but the most important... I will always feel this way about her, and I will know she is out there but she won't be in my life (by her choice). It's not a matter of waiting for these feelings to go away it's accepting that they never will    


New grad nurse in TCU - m4w



I noticed you first time we met as I was giving you access to use medical machine cabinet. But I ever thought I would develop a feeling of warm feeling towards you. We are both of Asian and you have that blondish highlights at the tail end of your long beautiful hair.
What really caught my eye is your lovely smile and sweetness . You interact well with your peers each time I come by your ward. I have been trying to figure out all this time as to how I should ask you out ,, but something really holds me back . I'm not sure what your status is? Your good friend with a co-worker ( Cna ) and your a nurse.
The very little chat we have occasionally gives me
A tingling feeling of romance whenever I see you. 
Just wanted to let you know I've never met anyone that has me so hot but with respect towards you .
I hope you can read this note on Craig's and hopefully you can help me out to hook up with you . I find myself intrigue whenever your around and like I said I'm really attracted and longing to hook up with you . I was thinking a movie date and a nice casual dinner . Just hang out and get to know each other.!another clue.. I know for a fact that you like the warriors . I remember one time , when I over stated a bet between the warriors against Cleveland cavaliers .. and you murmured " go warriors ..
Hoping someone can help us hook up in case any of your friends or you get a chance to read this note. 
Your first initial starts out with " K" and mine is "D.    


I can handle a lot but - m4w



Heiring you curse me out 2 blocks away as if your walking towards me and for you to never show up like you said . Don't know what you where pretending to be mad about .but   FUCK YOU    


Guy in red at Milpitas Walmart - m4m
We talked at the gym tonight - m4m



We know each other from around town (sports) and I've always thought you were hot but I'd never say anything.  We waved to each other as I left the parking garage tonight.  You'll never see this but I wish you would haha.  If you do, email me and we can figure out if you're who I'm talking about somehow    


January 5, Lord Huron at the Independent, front row - w4m



Cute guy from Santa Clara who knows all the words to every LH song. We stood together front row at the Lord Huron concert on Jan 5 at the Independent. You grabbed a pick for me at the end of the show, I should've got your number.    


Forever - m4w



I once said losing you once in this lifetime was enough. You have no idea how true that is. I need you. I need your help. We are supposed to count the stars together won't you show me how? 

I love you, now and forever. Please. Find me. I'm waiting.    


You deleted your post? "Bay Area Women" - w4m



Saw your post and wanted to reply, but it's gone. If you repost I'll reply.  It put a big smile on my face.    


purple hair standing on corner down town 845 am - m4w



I was driving my daughter to school, I caght a red light near the door street bridge. On the corner I locked eyes with u. Hope u see this. Love to meet u. Tell me something, anything else u remember    


Asian chick on muni with uber sweater - m4w



Kinda random can't stop thinking about this girl and regret not saying hi. We were on the shuttle going towards west portal and you were standing right next to me. You got off at forest hill and almost got off to try and talk to you while heading towards the elevator. Couldn't get myself to say hi mostly cuz we both had headphones on. Thought you were super cute and wished I said hi or something. Anyways this is kind of my way of venting my regrets. Doubt anything will come out of this but who knows.    


Civic center Bart 6pm - w4m



We boarded the train art the same time. We stood close and both listened to our headphones trying to not acknowledge each other. I was embarrassed about how attracted to you I was and off boarded at Lake Merritt without a word. Were you interested too?

You: blue polka dot button up, blue jeans, baseball cap. Blonde w/ short beard.    


Morning coffee... - m4w



....I buy a latte every morning, she rings me up and winks with no warning....

It does make my day and hope it does yours, in some small way, too.....    


Men in Napa - w4m



I have lived in Napa Valley now for 13 years now.  An the only thing I have found is it the men in Napa County are nothing but spoiled rotten little rich kids, that are f****** Cowards.  And they are only looking for one thing and that is a female that will take care of them. They wouldn't know love if it ran over them backed over them and run over them again. That is what I have learned about all of the men I have met in Napa County! You are sad f****** lot. I come from Yosemite area where people are real and actually give a f*** about their neighbors and this is just f****** sad! And I've lived all over California. I've even left California more than one, you are the saddest bunch of assholes I've ever met... sorry had to add a pic because he is the biggest coward/ user I have ever met but he is still the best example for 99% of men I've met Napa!    


Re: mad, passionate, extraordinary love - w4m



Funny how this thing works. Now I'm wishing you were my mc too. 
My mc is what I think about throughout the day and thoroughly enjoy their company. And fortunately for myself he has made me very comfortable and creates a feeling of security. 
If you feel this way about your mc, what is stopping you from connecting with her? 
I like that you will continue to believe and hope it will work, I am just so curious what would stop a person who is so sure of their feelings?    


Garden State - w4m



So.. I finally saw it.  
And I thought about you. 
You jerk. 
You ridiculously tall jerk.





Thanks, CL, this saves texter's remorse.    


Fate - m4w



it's like she said
life can be cruel sometimes

and the best that we can do is
make peace with fate

but sometimes there is more
to fate
it can be changed 
to feat

that event may have been our fate
but for me
one more feat might be possible

and if you're lucky
you can look at your feet
hopefully they are without a tag
wiggle your toes
just to be sure

and hope that your fate
is one more great feat
like another pair of feet
next to yours    


Euclid Analytics on the 38R - m4m



7:40PM, on the 38R headed out through Richmond.
You were wearing a grey puffy coat with a logo on the neck. 
I was wearing a red striped sweater.
Our glasses were the same shape.
Your Jacket has a logo from Euclid Analytics.

I am posting this because every data point I have points toward you being worth getting to know better.
- You were very cute.
- You work at a company named Euclid.
- You were getting back from work at 7:30.
- You had an excellent choice of semi-athletic work attire.
- You smiled at me the way I smiled at you: taken aback, nervous, and excited.    


Friend looking for ex navy model Brandon - m4m



Saw you at Upper Landing park, Dunn brothers on grand ave., and at the boat landing at a public lake. Lets stay in touch and be friends if you are out there. Text / phone / email? Talking on the phone again would be really cool. Maybe one more encounter would make us friends again. Keepin it fresh    


Berkeley Y Thurs 6:10 pm - m4m



At the turnstile. I think you know my name, so mention it if you see this and decide to reply.    


You're a regular customer ... - m4w



...and you have been for some time now. I've worked there for awhile too. You come in about once a week sometimes more if I'm lucky. You're very nice and always say hi and we do the small talk thing sometimes.I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable or be inappropriate. I'm pretty sure you have a significant other and I do too. I'm not trying to hit on you or hook up. I just think you're beautiful , sexy and have a great smile. One of those smiles that your whole faces smiles.
I'm not posting this to connect outside of our normal interactions. I do hope this finds you and you enjoy the compliments you deserve and Happy New Year.

BTW I'm not going to say where this is or who I am but you're more than welcome to guess where it is at.    


Five guys on Thursday - m4w



I should have said something. You are gorgeous. I was wearing a San Jose Sharks sweatshirt and you were wearing a Stanford basketball sweatshirt. You were with three others. I stared at you for a few seconds at a time, on multiple occasions, and then I walked out without saying anything.

If you see this, lets grab dinner sometime!    


Damn - w4m



OMG, I was dying sitting near you at the bar, so handsome and I could feel your good vibe, love. Nice tatoos and dimple.    


I just saw you at Safeway on Branham - w4m



Hey, we were checking each other out at Safeway. You hot guy in jeans, me, well, describe me and I will know it's you:)    


XS at the Wynn - NYE Countdown - w4m



Looking for a zucchini man...

Las Vegas. XS Nightclub at the Wynn. The eve of New Years. You drove down from Dublin with your  friend, who works in a top secret computer job with the military to see Major Lazor. Your last minute plans. 

I was standing next to the heater with my friend, when you stumbled by with a drink in your hand. The conversation went some bring like this:

Z (zucchini man) - What are you drinking?
A (Ashley) - Oh nothing, I don't drink.
Z - WHAT?! (clearly shocked) Why don't you drink?
A - Because I don't like it. 
Z - I don't understand. What do you do then?
A- Well we rappelled down Red Rock Canyon this afternoon so that was a blast.
A - Is there anything you don't eat?
Z - I don't eat zucchini. 
A - Why don't you eat zucchini?
Z - Because I don't like it.
A - It's good for you. Why don't you like it? 

Military friend jumps in, looking at Z: "I like zucchini."

Z - Well, I would eat it with bbq sauce.
A - Well, I would drink anything here as long as it doesn't have alcohol in it.

Then we cheers'd/fist bumped as the clock counted down to midnight. Then you ran off with the need to videochat with your sister by the pool, disappearing like a Cinderella at midnight. 

Hoping to find you to have a proper New Years cheer. You seemed like a blast. Would be fun to re-connect.    


Re: Mad, Passionate, Extraordinary Love - w4m - m4w
I see you every morning at,Starbucks on Lakeville. - m4w



You beauty is amazing. You are alone most of the time. Sometimes you just rush in and grab your app order and sometimes you wait in line.  I see thru your bitchy resting face and see the woman that wants to be held. The woman that wants to be hugged tightly. Just need that shoulder once in a while? Your perfume teases me as you past. One day ill get your name. Maybe get the nerve. But you should know...you have an effect on me.    


Bring It On



Ok, if you are who you say you are, then come out from the shadows...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.    


Angela at Peace in Medicine - m4w



I really enjoyed being helped by you today. I wish we could have went for a walk and got to know each other. Maybe if you see this you'll be interested in becoming friends. I'm a delightful man, hope it doesn't creep you out to post this:) much love!    


castlemont grad student of 1970 - m4w



looking for info on where abouts of anna Gardner==please a fellow classmate  looking for her    


A few years ago... - m4w



It was around 12:30am. You looked very scared, you were standing at the stoplight near G&G I rolled down my window and asked if you were ok. You told me that you just left your boyfriend because he hit you. You asked me If I could take you to the gas station so you could use the payphone. I gave you a ride, you told me that I was cute and very sweet and asked if I could take you to my house. I said that I could not because I had a GF. I dropped you off,  bought you a coffee and gave you a couple bucks in change for the phone. 

You were a very atractive blonde. I am sure you will never see this but I am single now. What kind of vehicle was I in or give me some other details so I know it's you. Your name?

I hope to talk to you soon.    


how far do I have to reach? - m4w



Everyday I wake up and reach for you,
I can almost sense you right before I open my eyes.
Then I am awake
I am alone. 
The bed is not cold like the cliche goes
But the emptiness is felt.
I lay on my back
my eyes open . . .
"wondering"
The farther I reach the further away you seem
I can't help but wonder if the pursuit is what keeps you away.
But I am afraid if I give up the chase, then I will never reach you
I know that I would be the one to light up your eyes
I know that you would bring the smile to my face and the light to my heart.
It has been missing for so long
I can't help but wonder if we've met already
passed like the proverbial ships at night in this urban expanse
And I can't help but wonder what the moment will be like when we finally find each other
Where we will be
What we will say (or leave unsaid)
But now is not that moment.
Now it is night.
I lay awake in a dark room
Promising myself, that though today is not the day,
That day might not be so far away. 


ps if you read this, thank you    


Re: Today - m4w



This is the best post I've read on here in a long time. It's sounds like you're doing a heck of a fine job raising your son. I can relate to your story because my kids make me feel grateful too. And trust me your son will appreciate your sacrifices. Continue being a great mom. 

Happy birthday to him and happy new year to you.    


woman wearing black - m4w



We were smoking at the bas station as you waited for the 38 at 6th ave arround 6pm, you saw me chequing you out, I just wanted to tell you i like your look    


For you - t4w



Tears run down my face.
In a way they never fell.
The abruptness felt like 
My breath was taken...
The difficulties of our relationship
I grapple with
Daily
I could never hate you.
I do wish you well
I wish you joy
and health
for myself as well.
May we both heal.
A beautiful, fun romance
shadowed by a dark, and empty end.
I love you.    


Olympic Games - m4m



Hey Sal we got hook up during the Olympics 2016 games then u come back twice in my place looking
worship ur ass & big dick u have a impecabble hygine a big dick and juicy cum. i miss it so badly
lost ur email    


Beautiful hair on BART - m4w



On Bart around 5:20pm from SF to east bay. I commented on your hair. You turned around and are so beautiful!  If this is you, get back to me...  

From the former stylist. ;)



Brunette girl that said bye as she walked away on NY Eve - m4w



Somehow I'm finding myself listening to my friend and posting on here in search of your big brown eyes that my eyes locked on. 

We met twice on New Years Eve in passing. Both times we locked eyes so intensely that I'm pretty sure we both felt it. For me it was an intense tingle that felt as though my stomach was full of butterflies, I can only it was the same for you and you somehow find yourself on here searching for me. 

First I passed by you on the waterfront, you were standing with your friends, I was passing by with mine. Our eyes gazed, as we both smiled in the end. I passed by you without looking back, I realize now, I should have looked back cause I imagine that you did. This was by the waterfront, by Mission and Embarcarderro, by the bicycle lanes closest to 

I didn't think I was going to meet you a second time, so felt content by the feeling you gave me the first. A second chance was given to me as I saw you at the bart station, it was Montgomery bart. The second time around: We were in line to buy bart tickets, I turn around and there you were, our eyes instantly lock into gaze again. I didn't let go of that gaze. Momentarily after you waved your hands close to your body at me as you smiled and said hey without a sound, I waved back and said hi! after which I turned my head. I had my back to you as you said byeeee, byeee two or three times, where I would turn the third. I looked up and could only utter, "where are you going?" I don't think you knew what to say to this but to expect me to come over. I didn't, I was focused on standing in line while I should have run over to you. I turn around again and saw you were heading to the other end of the bart station to take the escalator. You must have taken the Muni, because the bart escalator was right by our ticket machine. As you walked away I turned around again and saw your friend looking back.

I realized then I had to run after you and I did, only when I turned the corner where you turned inside the bartstation, you dissapeared into the crowd. I'm tall, black with a flat-top afro cut, wearing a formal jacket. Send me a picture with your face if this is you; I will start believing in miracles if this happens. But I like to be an optimist.    


muscular Japanese (i think) dude at UCSF Bakar  Gym - m4m



you're the muscular, little bit thick, Asian jock-type dude wearing a white, long sleeve nike shirt. 

i think maybe you're Japanese, in your 20s, and you were wearing a dark blue ball cap with a team logo i was not familiar with.

me, real fit, older guy with mustache.

enjoyed watching you work out ---> and i think you might have known that.    


Lady working at circle K on Bernal Road - m4w



You are the cutest thing
you should not be working there

i would love to meet you
maybe be your sugar daddy
what i would do for you

hope you find this    


Cute cashier - m4m



You were the cute guy cashier at the Safeway on College Ave that opened your register right as I got up to checkout. I was the guy with some other girls, but couldn't stop looking back as we left. Let me know what color hair I had if you're interested in meeting up!    


thank you for walking around in your panties - m4w



Thank you for walking around in your panties & watching me jerk off! Its so much fun to pretend that I don't think you can see me! Message me for my phone number & we can chat    


Mean girl - m4w



Looking for a kinda mean girl..tell me what you think. Would you ever kick a guy in the balls for fun? What about fucking a guy in the ass with a strapon? 
I would love to find a girl who is interested in talking about this lifestyle. Please follow me on Tumblr.
squeezemyballsbaby.tumblr    


Mean girl - m4w



Looking for a kinda mean girl..tell me what you think. Would you ever kick a guy in the balls for fun? What about fucking a guy in the ass with a strapon? 
I would love to find a girl who is interested in talking about this lifestyle. Please follow me on Tumblr.
squeezemyballsbaby.tumblr    


Constructor guy on inbound N on 1/5/17 - m4m



Was sitting across the aisle from you on Thursday, January 5th. You were reading and had heavy looking pack and white helmet at your feet, and just before getting off at Powell you put on a green and orange vest. You also wore a contractor ID.

Look, I caught you looking when a good looking woman got on, but I have to think a guy like you wouldn't mind experiencing some great oral attention from a nsa guy like. White hair, baseball cap    


Nick - we shared a smoke - w4m



at Merchants last night, Wed night- while waiting onyour Uber. You never came back in. We should chat more!    


re:A good faith gesture/need you hear - w4m



Here spelled incorrectly. 
If you were friends with them you would call and say hi..not write these crappy posts online.
Just a thought.    


Is it better to fade out ... or crash and burn - w4m



Remember how good it felt in the beginning..... we fell for eachother hard ... the love making .. the drugs .. it all felt too good ... I miss your presence. Our bond was so strong ... not even my mom could keep me away from you.  .... I wish you would call and say come over ... come kiket .. but now all I have is memories ...I've had dreams about you . They confuse me .. maybe we will connect again .. I think about how we used to be all day everyday I've never had a man make me feel the way you do.  Gawddd I miss your smell and our laughs.  I never liked being around someone so much.  I forgot about the bad things that have happend .. and only think about the good times we had. And I still have so much love for you.  J.G.    


Black Mercedes on Verdermer - m4w



You said I was looking quite handsome.  I must say, that kind of turned me on.  Are we neighbors?
Hope to almost have you run over me again sometime!



m4w    


Snow White and the S...... Old Movie ticket - m4w



Hey brighteye's!!! Yeah you! Did you leave the ticket stub from our first date at my door? I swore I thought I had the other half
and I thought I tucked it away deep in my old hidden stuff. Half the stub was there at my door when I got home. The same from the
Grand Lake. I know I didn't put it there so it was you or someone being dick. But if it was you then just call, text, email, send a messenger, 
sky write, leave a note at my door, mail me a letter, ect. No clues or hidden notes. Simply pick up the phone and call or text, it's always 
been that simple. I told you if you ever needed me just call.    


RedWhiteBike + YellowSmart - m4m



And a prolonged glance....  

Just taking a chance.  

Perhaps?

Of course...  same time, same place, same day, next week!

;-)    


Looking for Grant - w4m



We had an epic rendezvous years ago, meeting as strangers in a charming beach cottage. I still remember to this day the moment you walked up those steps, knocked on the door, and me seeing you for the first time in person. Good lord you were the most gorgeous, confident, sexiest man I had ever seen! You kissed me almost immediately! Your lips were so soft, your body so amazing, your embrace so strong, your stamina overpowering, you wiped me out! What I wouldn't give to have another quick escape with you    


Planet fitness in Pittsburg - m4w



Man I've never posted on here before but it's a new year why not.  I saw you at the gym today you were in a red tank top I just wanted to let you know that you look beautiful today and maybe we could go out to dinner if by chance you read this email me back    


Asian girl - Round Table - Alamo Plaza - m4w



You're the young Asian female who works the counter evenings at the RT in Alamo - so adorable with a smoking hot body. Have no idea about your status, but you seem a bit shy, so maybe you're a sub. If you're into or curious about older, dominant (in a nice way) 'Silver Fox' type men or Daddies, I'd love to hear from you.    


A good faith effort/gesture to prove my sincerity - m4w



Since you doubt my sincerity, come here sit with me while I pull pics of my kids, work etc off my pc and then wipe the heck out of it. It means that much to me to show you. I'll show you all I have so you don't have to guess and think there is more than there is. I give it all up to show you that I do care about you. I am being sincere, it's all I can come up with to prove to you

And yeah I'm going to have to trust that you won't just let me have it once it's all gone. I will sign, have it notarized you name it just tell me, I mean everything, the index, the pcaps everything It is more important that you stop hating me... please take me up on this, name your parameters    


Black Woman on Pittsburg Bart Line - m4w



You- amazingly hot black woman w big wavy red hair getting in Pittsburg Bay Point line in downtown Oakland around 5 PM last nigh
Me- 6' tall white guy w black jacket who couldn't stop staring
Got off at Orinda
If you see this hoping to hear...    


Looking for Samantha, we talked at Aroma cafe - m4w



I was talking to a friend here then you turned and talked.
then we talked together about dentistry. etc.
If you read this...
Thank you.



Jhon from Castro Valley - m4m



Hey John  we met at ur house 3 times my phone broke and lost ur contact please  if u see this add contact me I'm interested  in meeting  up again  I saw u at the gym about a month ago but there were too many people  and couldn't talk to u    


Safeway Deli while your friend Ordered sandwich. Tue/11/13/16 - m4w



Pretty, Glasses. Brown hair. Light-skinned. Unpainted nails and toenails.
I asked you if you are from another state. Then we had a brief conversation in which I told you Eng is my 2d language. I said I'm concerned about my accent. You said your parents also have an accent. I told I'm shy. Your friend was done with her order and you said (I think) 'it was nice meeting you'. I mumbled something and walked away so as not to annoy you.
You were friendly and nice and I felt as if you could probably be a good friend with whom to chat once awhile.
I hope we run into each other again and converse more.
Thank you.    


Sprouts in San Ramon - m4w



You were in front of me without a grocery bag. You commented on mine. I like your glasses!    


Today - w4m



Happy Birthday my son! You're the greatest 3 year old I have had the pleasure to know! Today 3 years ago you were born at 5:46am. 3 weeks overdue, 36 hours in labor and finally this beautiful perfect little human was born. You were so fat, long and big overall that the doctor joked about birthing a giant. The last three years have been tough but all for good reason and needed outcomes. You bring me so much joy and happiness, every life you touch you bring happiness into. You are loved by many! You're my little man, and it's you and I against the world. 

Thank you for taking off your wet rain boots at the door without me even asking you to, thank you for trying to help me with the groceries without me asking you to, thank you for holding the elevator doors so I don't have to struggle bringing in the bags into the elevator, thank you for reminding me every morning before we leave our home to check for the keys, thank you for saying "bye mami, have a good day at work, I love you" when I drop you off at daycare at 6:45am, thank you for running up to me every evening and hugging me with excitement when I pick you up at 6pm. Thank you for brining me my favorite sparkling water when I sit down to eat dinner and you see that I've forgotten it. Thank you for asking me "mami are you okay?" when you see sadness written all over my face. 

You are incredibly mature and thoughtful for a toddler. I'm always astonished at the thoughtfulness, generosity and keen insight you have at such a young age, honestly I'm marveled at your perceptiveness. I'm sorry for sometimes being too tired when you want to play with me, and I'm sorry for sometimes being a little grumpy after a long week. You're so sweet and so beautiful and I couldn't be the luckiest mother alive! 

I know sometimes I work too much and I realize that I'm missing out on doing really simple things with you. I'm trying really hard to change those workaholic habits but being a single mom who is also career focused are two difficult responsibilities to juggle when it's just me, myself and I, but know that you are my priority. Just know that all of this hard work is for you, so I can buy a place for us to live in this expensive city, so you can have the best education, so I can take you to Disneyland at the end of this year, so we can share beautiful and memorable experiences together without having to worry so much about how we can afford it. 

I'm sorry you don't have your father's last name, it was something I wanted him to freely give you, but I hope you're one day proud of carrying my last name, and maybe one day giving it to your future spouse and children, even if it isn't the surname you should have carried as the first born male. I'm sorry you don't know your dad, but you can't lead a horse to water. Maybe one day he'll come around, hopefully it isn't too late to repair the relationship between you two. But son I cannot make you any promises on that outcome b/c I cannot and do not have control of your dads actions or thoughts. You will learn as you get older that you can give someone the opportunity to do something, but you cannot force them to do it if they do not want to. 

I love you. I pray that when you grow up to be you're an upstanding honorable man who's respectful, hardworking, and responsible and a good person overall. I promise to love you, accept you and accept your choices no matter what and I promise to help you achieve great heights: if you're gay (I will love you and accept you), if you bring home a girl or guy I don't like because I think you can do better (I will learn to love them and accept them), if you're struggling with your studies (I will help you with your studies or hire a tutor that can), if you're struggling with addictions (I pray that you don't have these issues but if you do, I'll do everything in my power to help you overcome those addictions). 

I love you. I'm proud to be your mom! And even though it's just you and me and you don't have a male figure to emulate, I hope you see the sacrifices I'm making for you so that you can one day be a great young honorable man who doesn't allow another woman to go through the same sacrifices alone while raising a child. 

Happy Birthday my love! Today we have a big day ahead of us and a great big birthday party planned at school! I promise to celebrate your birthday on its day no matter what! Because all birthdays should be honored and celebrated, even if it's during or after the holidays! Love you little man! You are my greatest achievement!



re: Torture



Was I amused....for about 30 seconds. Then I realized that you create your own drama - intentionally.
Whether it is to test your self, pull someone else off guard, teach a lesson, but who knows.

Here is what I do know, the hell of your own making is coming back to you full force. Watch for
the day that you no longer have the ability "to torture" yourself and others - because you are no
longer the center of attention.

The only you don't realize, is that everyone is questions your judgement and self-control because
the drama is public.    


looking for king - w4m



hey cl im looking for a guy name king, we met one time and smoked and you had to hurry and go to San mateo, can you please hit me up, i have a question to ask you .    


Eric M.S.-you have been on my mind. - w4m
UCSF Mission Bay gym - m4m



Wednesday evening in the shower we made eye contact. I had to leave quickly... not because I wasn't interested. Would be great to hang out.    


My First Regret of the Year... - w4m



Was being too shy to approach you the second day of the new year. We were the only ones playing in the water at Shell Beach along the Sonoma Coast by Wright Campground. My friend and her daughter were also there but her daughter kept her distance from the water and my friend was too afraid to scramble down the dirt path to the beach, so she was up on the trail the entire time. We smiled at each other when we first walked past each other. I wanted to walk up the trail to talk to you when you were chatting with my friend, telling her that you're from Santa Rosa but visit San Francisco often. When you walked away, my friend thought that you would be a good guy for me-she was such a terrible wing woman and I was too shy to approach you myself!    


Rumors at Work - m4w



They say we are fucking. That you're riding your boss. I think I would remember that. 
Can't say I haven't thought about it. 
I'm hoping you can refresh my memory. 
Flirting with you always brings a smile to my face. I would love to make you smile over and over after work one day. 
It would have to be discreet. You don't mind keeping a dirty little secret i hope. 
Your shift ends at 2:30pm. 
Write the name of the bar you work at in the subject so I know it's you T.    


Chocolate doughnut introduction? - w4m



Hey! We both got off Caltrain and started walking the same way. You stopped on the corner after a while and asked if I wanted a doughnut. Lol we exchanged names so reply with your name in the subject line if it's you! Since we're both new to the area it'd be cool to meet someone new and hang out. :)    


gorgeous milf shopping today - m4w



wow...

I couldn't take my eyes off you in the store today, you look amazing in your black yoga pants

my mouth has been watering all day thinking about what's underneath    


RE: I Fucking miss you (m4w) - w4m



Well, thank you so much for being so conveniently vague.  I bet she can easily tell you were talking about her, so you guys should be able to reconnect again soon.  You also made the rest of us unwanted ones feel so fucking missed!  

OP Posted: 

This is going to make sense, but I can't stand this feeling of being without you. You drive me crazy in the best way. I cant sleep. I cant eat. I know it sounds corny, but i want to get lost with you and forget about all the bullshit. I want you. I miss you. All i can think about is you.    


back in 2006 your bird Ari flew away.....I know what happened to it - m4ww



back in the summer of 2006 I saw a flyer about a missing bird, in Concord CA, in the "park and shop" shopping center. and then about a week later I saw two women in the parking lot, with binoculars, yelling the birds name "Ari" I actually approached you and asked you, what you two were doing??? I was wearing a UC Berkeley sweater. I know what happened to your bird!!!!    


Looking for Rob! - m4m



It has been almost 3 years. Rob, u used to drive from San Jose to Oakland to hang out with me in mid night. Lake Merritt was our spot. I remember those nights in sfo where you kissed me by the ocean. This is nate, I really miss you and still love you. I know I ended our relationship because of my own insecurities but the truth is I was madly in love with you and I didn't want to get hurt. Rob if you are reading this please respond.  This is Nate, the Ethiopian guy. I would give anything to have you back in my life.    


Lydia - m4w



this is justin. i cant find you. call my old number or respond here. i miss you. you are from the east coast and we met on here    


Tu presencia desorienta y me hace estremecer - w4m



I know you aren't here on Craigslist. Why would you be? You're not on Facebook, or anywhere on the internet. Believe me, I have looked for you. This is just an outlet for me to think through my feelings. You kill me with your wokeness, your style and your compassion. When I see you, I get so high that it lasts me all day. I've felt this way for over a year now and I can't shake it. Can you tell? This is about you if the last time I saw you was when I was talking to someone and you came in to put something away. I started tripping on my words because you could hear me. Did you notice I repeated myself and was not my eloquent-ish self? Yes, that's because you cause my brain to glitch.    


To Petaluma's best chiropractor - m4w



It's been four years since we've last talked and I know a lot has changed in your in life.  Congratulations on getting married and I hope that's working out well for you.  I often wonder how you've been, what's been keeping you smiling and then my phone reminded me it was your birthday the other day - hope that was a special day too.  Not much point to this message other than saying you're missed, thought of often, and I regret not realizing just how real and good of a person you were to me back in the day.  Nothing I can do about that now, but I guess that's how serendipity works right?    


outside the smoke shop - m4w



Hi

Your name was sarah or sara. We met outside the shop today.  You didn't have a phone. Well reply to this and get my email!!    


A new year ~ because you are more important - m4w



If Only I Had Known

If Only I Had Known that was our last time...

I would have lingered longer over the scent of your neck

My hand would have caressed your thigh a moment longer...

I would have looked into those brilliant green eyes until I became lost in them

If Only I Had Known...It would be the last I would ever see you...

I would have etched the beauty of your face into my heart where it will always have a place...

I would have told one more joke that I might hear your laugh echo through all my days alone

And when my arms embraced you to say good bye I would have never let you go

If Only I Had known you were still in love with him...

I would have enjoyed your company , helped you finish that whisky you drank, and gone home alone.

If Only I Had Known that to love you was to risk my freedom....

I would have believed in you as I do now and fallen for you utterly and completely

and I would do it again & again & again, until I got it right



Without you, your birthday was the saddest day of the year for me, and I am sorry you could not see me as I am. This photo is from your first visit on the 31st, you were looking down and playing with Timmy. He continues to whine for you seemingly when he feels you are around. This will be the last photo I delete tonight. I don't think I can stay here, and I know even ridding myself of all images of you won't help and I will regret it as soon as I do but I don't know what else to do. No more of this on CL either. Nothing to say that I haven't said. All to the ether and silence. HNY Happy 34 and sorry about not doing anything with the photo. At that angle if they know you from that then they likely know you from what I have written, plus you don't look the same anyway. You can bash me but you know better. Your instincts were good as were mine, we just let the opinions of others get in the way.



And it was no hyperbole, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen let alone meet. And that is all encompassing not just the visual. You can flag this again and I could find another way to vent. Probably a lot less desirable, but since I don't know who I won't do anything to take it out on you dear one. But I have to wonder what is wrong with you and why the depressing avatars? And you can tell me what you did w/o posting it here and then denying it's you. I probably already know and have forgiven you because you are more important



Lumber store Berkeley - prior to New Years - m4w



Stunning woman purchasing some clear coat/varnish. You dropped your item while looking in the hardwood bin. I wanted to say hello, but all attention was focused on your beauty (from the gents behind the counter) so a very awkward silence. Caught a quick glance which made my day.

Please reach out if there was a connection.    


Sharing food, I was serious - m4w - - m4mw



You both looked so cute! Had to say. 

I date women, love small groups.

We eyed each other's plates.... I enjoyed your presence.

I imagined more than that....shall we chat more?

Tell me where this just happened, tonight!  Wednesday...    


Thanks for the company - m4m



I'm older Caucasian that was visiting SF once again. You were younger Asian guy.

I wanted to say thank you once again for a wonderful night after the bars, and for being a gentleman and seeing me home from the Castro.

We spoke of possibility of another meet sometime, but forgot to exchange deets when you left the next morning (NYE day).

If you see this, please reply with any combination of three of these:

Your name
My name
Where I'm from
Where you walked me home to
Who I was visiting

I would love to see you again and see what might be. Willing to fly you out to me as we discussed in passing.

If not, no worries. I'm looking at relocating to SF later in 2017. Maybe we'll bump into one another again.

Thanks again for the company. You're a good guy.    


JUST MOVED HERE LOOKING FOR FWB - m4w



I am an attractive tall white male Blue eyes looking for a long-term lover. Someone I can connect with intellectually, emotionally, and have great chemistry with. I hate sleeping around like being with one women but because of work life just no time for dating or games but would like someone to text talk look forward too... If you are open to a friendship in addition to being lovers and are willing to make time, I will make it well worth it! tell me about YOU... so I know your not a ROBOT...    


Susan at Jupiter (this is a real missed connection) - m4w



Susan, we met at Jupiter, talked and you gave me a lift home. You gave me a buzz so I'd have your number. 

Trouble: my iPhone didn't record the incoming call. So, I am at a loss as to how to contact you.

Call me, or contact through CL.




OK, back to Jan '15; intimacy & friendship - m4w



I was communicating with the wonderful Lady who's posting is below and er, stupidly distractedly dropped off..
 I suspect I might be forever indebted to anyone that might reconnect us,
 Thank you so much, 
 Single & Chivalrous (& sometimes stupid;)) in Napa



 Seeking sweet, caring, successful and funny for intimacy & friendship - 34 (pacific heights) 

 age : 34 body : average height : 5'3" (160cm) status : single


 I am going to make this simple... I have been single for a while. I work a lot but am missing intimacy. I love cuddling, kissing, touching among other things. I'd like to be in a low maintenance non-drama fun relationship (something that doesn't require too much work). It would be nice to develop a friendship with someone smart, successful, fun and funny. Typically I like older men (45-60 years). Someone who is driven and works a lot (like I do). Someone who is knowledgeable about food, wine, art and other cultures would be a plus! As much as I love intimacy I am not really looking for a FWB but more along the lines of someone to actually date and see where it goes. 

 I am 34 (people say I look 27), well traveled, own a business, have lots of hobbies including cooking, running, painting, dancing, hiking, world travel, wine tasting and community outreach. 5'3, mixed race, curvy, busty, great smile, sweet, giving and kind. Like sports, am high energy but I know how to relax and slow down, I am very social but I enjoy my alone time. 

 If you are not the type of guy who opens doors for women. If you do not know how to plan a date or make a reservation. I am not interested.

 If you would like to meet for a glass of wine and see if there is any chemistry please send over a photo with a little information about yourself. Thanks:)    


watching planes at the airport



don't have the internet, communicating here is infrequent but glad you responded even though it was subliminal. 




svn -- love you, god help me but i do - m4w



and I am at a loss as to how to know for sure if you are okay. Really okay..Did you read The Theory of Love or just have it on the shelf because if you read it perhaps you could tell me what is wrong 



**~It's A New Year & all appears lost - If Only I Had Known~** - m4w



If Only I Had Known
If Only I Had Known that was our last time...
I would have lingered longer over the scent of your neck
My hand would have caressed your thigh a moment longer...
I would have looked into those brilliant green eyes until I became lost in them
If Only I Had Known...It would be the last I would ever see you...
I would have etched the beauty of your face into my heart where it will always  have a place...
I would have told one more joke that I might hear your laugh echo through all my days alone
And when my arms embraced you to say good bye I would have never let you go
If Only I Had known you were still in love with him...
I would have enjoyed your company , helped you finish that whisky you drank, and gone home alone.
If Only I Had Known that to love you was to risk my freedom....
I would have believed in you as I do now and fallen for you utterly and completely 
and I would do it again & again & again, until I got it right

Without you, your birthday was the saddest day of the year for me, and I am sorry you could not see me as I am. This photo is from your first visit on the 31st, you were looking down and playing with Timmy. He continues to whine for you seemingly when he feels you are around. This will be the last photo I delete tonight. I don't think I can stay here, and I know even ridding myself of all images of you won't help and I will regret it as soon as I do but I don't know what else to do. No more of this on CL either. Nothing to say that I haven't said. All to the ether and silence. HNY Happy 34 and sorry about not doing anything with the photo. At that angle if they know you from that then they likely know you from what I have written, plus you don't look the same anyway. You can bash me but you know better. Your instincts were good as were mine, we just let the opinions of others get in the way.

And it was no hyperbole, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen let alone meet. And that is all encompassing not just the visual    


Dylan with the broken leg - m4m



You're the super-handsome gentleman who shared a Lyft with me today. You had a broken leg. We discussed what it's like living in the Sunset and our history in this city. You were telling me about your favorite type of weather.

Would love to hear more from you :-)    


All we said was hi at gas station on SR Ave - w4m



You came in behind me and when I turned around you said hi. I said hi back and we smiled again once outside. All I remember is your face and a black jacket....I would love to talk to you....
If you find yourself reading this and would like to respond, tell me what gas station and what I was wearing so I know it is you....
1:30 pm Wednesday 1/4    


I wanna go out. - m4w



I work on Stoney circle and I see you almost daily as I sit in my lobby wanting to ask you out as you come down the stairs. Don't know if u will and don't know if you will see this. But at least shoot me email and let me know what you think. Pretty freakin hot by the way. Love when you smile at me.    


Alexis (from Fantasy makers), Mistress Nyx - m4w



Chris Foxxe misses you. Remember me from the Ambassador Hotel on Mason Street. With the foot fetish. I miss you. Please reply.    


First lady



Is that how you see yourself? As wife of the president? All those handles are so entertaining.

Your blackhat team is trying to reach you. They think you are lots of fun. Someone they feel comfortable getting drunk with. Someone they want to have an adventure with.

Yeah you've got the reputation hey mama!    


It's YOUR loss dummy - w4m



I have spent far too many years devaluing myself because you didn't think I was worthy of you. You judged me completely wrong and you judged me so unfairly from day number one. And you wouldn't have it any other way. You made up your mind about me, and that was that, even if all the facts pointed to you being WRONG about me! You compared me to a stranger ex-girlfriend who I know nothing about and pigeon holed me into this 1 inch box category of a woman and you never allowed me to get out of that box so you could see that I wasn't like her at all. To you, I was like her and that's that. Now, not that I'm saying there's anything wrong with her because I'm quite confident she's a great woman (especially after knowing what you're capable  of doing to innocent people). Plus why would you still keep communicating with her if she was a bad woman? Right!? You didn't even give yourself the opportunity to actually get to know me as a person or a friend before passing harsh judgement on me. And for a long time I thought something was wrong with me because I wanted so bad for you to see how sweet and kind I really am! Not any longer! It's YOUR loss! Because I know that I'm drop dead beautiful, extremely fit, intelligent (book & street smarts), happily successful (all on my own) and kind, and you dummy little boy, you gave up the greatest opportunity to have such a wonderful beauty, inside and outside, beside you as your lady, so it's clear that YOU are the one unworthy of my love and my thoughts, not the other way around. I've wasted far too many hours pinning over you when I'm getting attention everywhere from every direction from men who are actually MEN and are REALLY GOOD LOOKING. Meanwhile, I'm ignoring them because I became so obsessed and fixated over YOU. I'm done! I'm over YOU. I'm over wanting YOU. I'll always love you but I love myself and my self-worth more than lowing myself for a boy who doesn't deserve not even an inch of my affection. Good luck having fun and trying to feel fulfilled and happy with the low-quality women you seem believe you deserve and you're clearly attracted to!    


You wanted a passionate lover who is discreet........... - m4w



After much discussion, we were a match mentally, physically, and it also seemed sexually.  
You were missing passion, fun, romance, and sexual release that you have not had in years.                 I promised to be discreet as you had requested.  Then...............you disappeared.  Maybe you just got cold feet?    


Uber driver from Ukraine - m4m



Thought you were super fun to talk to, interesting, and hot. Thanks for your card. I wanted to invite you up for more (you name it.)    


Hey, how's it going. - m4w



Wish I could start this year off with a girlfriend. Haven't had one for a few. I'm the loving, caring, and attentive type so I get hit on by married or taken girls. Really wish I could find a single girl and be hers specifically. I'm not afraid of commitment or friendship. I often think of romantic things to do, but don't have a special someone. I'm single clean and sane. Say hi or something?    


Cum stains at 24 Hour fitness - m4m



Took a shower this morning at 24 Hour after my workout and noticed some cum stains in the shower stall. Swapped my finger to check and could smell the sweet scent of bleach n put a lil on my tongue. That salty semen sure was good. 
If you left it there, thanks bro. Would love to have swallowed the load when you squirted it out of your cock.    


I miss you - w4m
MC or MC




Hate To Break It To You But You Are The Reason Your Life Sucks So Much                                                                                          If you think your life sucks, it probably does. If you think the world is out to get you, it probably is. If you think you deserve more, you probably do.                                                                                           If you think the world is out to get you it's because you have a shit attitude towards life -- you're looking at everything the wrong way. You're using the negatives to fuel you instead of the positives. You're letting the negatives control your mind and in turn you're allowing them control of your life. You're letting the bad things win.                                                                                                      You will never be happy if you're constantly looking at the negatives. You will never reach happiness in your life if you're constantly surrounding yourself by people and things that drain you.                      You are the reason you are unhappy, you are the reason you're stuck in a rut and your relationships are poor and you're constantly criticizing others and looking for more. That's all on you.                       Life doesn't owe you or anyone else anything, so don't expect it to. Don't expect a million dollars to show up at your door, don't expect to wake up with a rocking body, don't expect it if you don't ever put work into it.



Blue Eyes Crossing Sutter at Sansome - m4m



We crossed paths on Sutter at Sansome in the cross walk. You were dressed nice and had rolled papers under your arm.    


la costena taqueria - m4w



This was last friday. I was in there for lunch. You had a baby in your arms. You are a beautiful full figured black woman. You were with your family (i think) and i didnt want to talk to you in front of them.

We locked eyes a few times, i was trying not to stare.

If you remember me, hit me up and lets see where it goes.    


Smart and Final - m4w



I was in the store this afternoon. I saw you immediately and you caught me staring. You asked how i was, later you asked me if I needed help finding raisins.

You had left when i was checking out and your co worker said you were outside, but you had left.

If you have any interest, let me know. Id love to talk you up.    


white gloves on BART - m4w



We chatted from montgomery to embarcadero about your gloves and your new job in the city.  Then you walked off the train in the middle of a sentence...  Hit me up if you want to continue our conversation    


Katelynn from East Bay - m4w



I might be misspelling your name. We met at the Eugene airport, I bought you coffee. It's weird how I can be so talkative until it gets to the point of wanting to exchange info. I think you're incredibly sweet and have the most stunning smile! I wish I would have said something before we parted ways in Seattle...  I hope this makes it to you. 

If anyone reads this and think you might know her, please pass it on. She's about 5'2", light brown hair, and a gorgeous smile.    


Jillian H. - m4w



Jillian H., 

Do you remember the first time we saw each other? You were walking down the street with H. and I was riding towards you on my bike. I don't know how you thought I was a car, but I sped home to tell D., "Dude. Wake up. There's some hot chicks walking down the street." Conveniently, we started playing basketball in my driveway and you just happened to walk into the house across the street. I'm glad your grandma lived there. 

Later that day, D. and I started playing Magic Cards out front. Then you both came out and started walking towards us. We chucked them cards over the fence before you could judge us, but my water deck was getting whopped anyways. It was history from there, as they say. 

Remember when you stuck a stick up my nose and made it bleed? Remember those grass rings you used to make? I was so bummed when I lost the first one you made for me. Remember when you found my porn stash? Remember when playing spin-the-bottle just meant lock Nick and Jill in the bathroom and force them to make out (even though we never did until years later)? Remember being actual legit pen-pals? I don't ever remember getting that excited to look inside of a mailbox since then. 

We hung out after I came home from Iraq, but haven't spoken since I came home from Afghanistan. I had to let you go. I'm sorry for hurting you, but don't think you were the only one who hurt. I know you're out there, somewhere, living your life and looking like a great mom to someone else's kids (I admit to Facebook stalking). You're probably not the girl I used to know and I'm the 30 year old who's far from the 12-year-old boy you met. But I can't help think "What if. . ." from time to time. 

Our paths crossed, but sadly never intertwined. I think we just fell victim to circumstances and went our separate ways. Our story began like something out of a Nicholas Sparks book. You haven't even lived here in years and you'll probably never see this, but I guess this makes me feel better.

I just hope you've found happiness. 

-N.C.



Truth and Love - w4m



I'm in love with you. Everything is messy. I have a loving husband. I have a carefully crafted life. I remind myself that the body's response to initial attraction is like a drug. That, maybe if one is lucky, it is a feeling that you can hang onto for a year. That there are 18-30 months to build a relationship, and then there is the rest of your life. My life. Your life. His life. The statistics are not good for us.

But that is a lot of hours. A lot of days to fill without you. 

It was my call to walk away. There are a million logical, analytical reasons to walk away. I am walking away to see if there is anything left in my marriage, which has been a steady solid loving marriage. I owe that to the man I married. My head stands by my call. My heart hurts every moment every day. How does one evaluate a relationship while longing for someone else? Others have said to me you do it by Choosing. You Choose your marriage and you Choose your commitment day by day. And that it will get easier. And that someday you will be happy you chose and navigated yourself through stormy weather. I am choosing. And actively working on US, engaging a herd of professionals. Taking the time. Doing the Work.    

But, I have never been afraid of change. I have never been overly concerned about what others think. I can make a different call here. I can ask for a divorce if that is the right decision for me, knowing that I tried. Really tried. No half ass'ing. BUT, Knowing at the end of the day it may not work with you either. I'm no damsel in distress. You, sir, are no knight in shining armor. If I choose you, I do so knowing that I am choosing the man with more flaws. One who may not want me forever, not the way my husband does. I may be alone ultimately. But throughout all this, I'm ok with me. I'm ok with how I have loved my husband. The joy we created together. The adventures that we have had. I am ok with my love for you. It is strong. I am ok that my life has been filled with men that I have loved in addition to all the personal accomplishments that I have wrought and been proud of. And I am ok with how I am changing, evolving, and growing. These are my decisions. And how the others in my life react to my decisions are not my responsibility. But my decisions and actions are my responsibility. 

And you. I am sorry that I have not said what is in my heart to you. You laid out your feelings. They are precious, so precious to me. I know that it must have hurt to be so vulnerable to someone who has committed to another. And I responded with a joke. Afraid to tell you that I love you. Afraid to hurt you if I decide to stay with him. I hate fear. I am used to staring fear down, telling it to go to hell. I am not afraid of losing things or people. I am afraid of the hurt that I will cause to those I love.

I want to tell you that I love you. I love your jawline. I love the way your hair feels in my hands. I love your sense of humor. How you make me laugh and laugh. And how I made you laugh so hard you snorted beer out your nose. I love how you open the door for me and how you see the world in the same way that I do, but from a slightly different perspective. It's like we're both looking at the bridge from different angles, and together the image is fuller, brighter, more detailed. I love the way you smell, and that I could immediately see our kids together. You tossing them up in the air, loud, beautiful children. I want those children. I want them so badly. I love the feel of your arm around me. I love the places and the memories that you've shared with me. I love your impatience. I love how you sing fearlessly, looking at me with such a devilish grin. I love making you smile. I love that the slight ridge on your forehead relaxes when you look at me. I love your eyes. I love your descriptions of treasured books. I love how you describe your favorite afternoons, how they make you feel and see the world. I love that you recognize how strong I am and respect that strength. I love how you order for me in a restaurant. I love how hard you work. I love how much you love your mother and your family. I love how you question everything. I love you. And I miss you so very much.

Sometimes, when buried deep in a novel, I will flip to the last page, and read the last paragraph. Especially if it is a book that I have immersed myself so deeply in that I am flooded with the feel of people and place. It is easier to know and prepare for heartbreak or happiness, even if you don't know what the journey looks like. But you can't do that in life. You can only live your life. Day by day hour by hour. What is True here? What is True and how badly will the Truth hurt? I can only commit to doing as well as I can with the love that I have for myself and others.  



sexy Subway lady -- Alamo - m4w



HI there, you are one sexy lady.  I couldnt help but to check you out.

Not sure on your status, but would like to know more.

You star tattoo on your neck, brown hair in pony tail.

Hit me up, white guy in blue jacket with short hair.    


Trick Dog NYE - m4w



Hey, I think you said your name was Darby.

And apparently I mistook you for someone an acquaintance of mine was dating. You looked beautiful and I would have kissed you if it wasn't for that. Wish you would have let me give you a ride back to Oakland. Hope you have a happy new year. 

All the best,
John    


Very playfull and a lot of ideas .... - t4m



Im very nice and easy to get along coz i love pleassing a guy and giving nice memorable experienced to a a very nice gentleman.    


Gone? - w4w



I am so glad, Good riddence. You're truth is slipping out. The sheeps coat you wore has fallen to the floor. You will never have grown up things, grown up fun, or grown up Love as long as you continue to act like a child.

Everyone see's and hears your lies. You've been exposed in more ways than one. The best part is its not me doing the exposing.  Oh poor you. 

The truth is you are a privilaged ass. You came from privilage you still have access to it but you continue to pretend. You believe you are owed? Even by people you have done nothing for. 
You tried to hide for a while so you could re-adjust your fake sheep mask but it doesn't  quit fit the same..

Your so unskilled you couldn't even pull off your own lies. Or hide from yourself. It all showed. 

Especially if your sending messages  here.    


Black man w/beard Getting Gas on Grand - w4m



We both put too much gas in our tanks, we laughed together about it while we awaited our change back. You said Happy New Year twice. Your smile lit my whole world up. So beautiful you are, such loving energy emanating from you. I would love to have that feeling every day or at least one more day by seeing you. I had a curly afro and a silver new car. You had an Afro and well groomed beard and perfect teeth. You were in a dark car with an elder with a silver beard in the car. Jan 2nd around 10:30-11am    


Missing you - m4w
The Heart - w4m



The soul & the brain. My heart was so in love with him, my soul yearned for him. I could feel  his warm kiss & his arms around me, my heart skipped a beat, my soul warmed, I was in LOVE? BUT the brain said NO he doesn't want you. I wanted more he didn't. The heart & soul listened to the brain & the  pain, tears, heavy heart, sadness, darkness etc is gone? I will miss him. HAPPY NEW YEAR    


You got my cum, I didn't get your number - m4w



What was I thinking? We chit-chatted walking towards the library yesterday. The stacks were nearly empty, and you reached over and firmly grabbed the bulge in my jeans. Then you proceeded to give me the most amazing blowjob. My knees are still shaking.

You left me wanting much more of you. Please write back.    


Haley at Taco Bell - m4w



Hi Haley,

I'd like to get to know you better. Hopefully you see this.


=)


............................................................................................    


1988 in Monterrey... - m4w



You came down from the Bay Area. I was on business from east of the Rockies. We almost stepped back in time, to the 1970s. But we didn't. I still am not sure why. Do you know? You will never see this, but it is nice to send it out there.    


1988 in Monterrey... - m4w



You came down from the Bay Area. I was on business from east of the Rockies. We almost stepped back in time, to the 1970s. But we didn't. I still am not sure why. Do you know? You will never see this, but it is nice to send it out there.    


Best car SEX EVER !!! - m4w



We met right here as you answered my naughty post and then we met in my car at the ride share place - you know the one - and you gave me the most unbelievable blow job of all time. You found a way to bring me all the way - a heart beat , maybe two - from cummming all over your mouth, face and neck and yet you were able to control me by stopping just at that climaxing moment. Fuck, you did that like four times and all the while fingering yourself until i could take it no longer as i my hips heaved forward as i shoved your head and mouth back down on my cock and down your throat as i then had the most massive explosion of cummmming in recent memory as i came down your throat, in your mouth and where ever else as my creamy cummm spilled from your mouth and down your chin ..... When you pulled back from my cock and came up and kissed me, you said you'd be right back as you got out and walked to your car . I watched as you started your car as i thought for sure you were going to move your car over next to mine but as you drove up next to me you gave me a nice little wave and drove off as i sat there slacked jaw and in disbelief ...soooo...ummmm, here i am now and i can't get you off my mind to save my life as all i can do is think about you 25/8 and im about to go fucking crazy ...Thanks ??? Connect with me , don't fuck with my head like this , im sure i might deserve this karma for being this bad boy but please write to me and allow me to believe that this was something real and not just a dream as im still in a daze as you really did suck more out of me than just my cummmm so please , give me something ...anything and keep me from losing my mind



Orange and Blue Scarf - m4w



You: Tan trench coat, messy bun, warm smile, and a beautiful, blue and orange scarf. 

Me: Winter black, with a hint of noir.

At the expense of trying to not be the creepy passerby, I never officially introduced myself.  Curious? Me too :)    


LOOKING FOR SOPHIA - m4w



HI

I am looking for my old therapist named Sophia- 

She no longer works at the place I used to attend, I am just hoping to re-connect.

Sophia, If you are out there- you are probably wondering what happened to me- If so, respond with a brief description of me and what you did as a career.

Thanks

G-    


Guy with "Do you even lift bro" shirt at - m4m



Fusion Fittness yesterday.  You have the hottest torso I have ever seen.  I would even pay to service you.  Thanks for showing it off in the locker room.    


On the long & winding long-winded road... - mw4mw
The closet.. - m4w



I guess there was way too much hidden..
I pulled away and you where one step ahead of me.
Guys, we have intuitions also. Just as you said to one evening in the beginning..
After all the smoke has cleared and I started to listen more it dawned on me..
But, of course I let the seductive pleasures blind me. I admit it worked. Then a few tragic things happened. But, I was still wise to the surrounding cast. Believe me I do remember.  You always beg the differ,that only what you want to believe. You had me
Thinking. But, I wasn't thinking the way you thought all along.. A real believer that claims GRACE IS LOVE wouldn't have used spirituality as a escape.. truth would been
The best. WE ALL HAD OR LIKE SOME STILL ARE CLEANING THE CLOSET. I wanted to truly believe,  intuitions of a man...it's in your nature. That's why it's easier for some to find a out..???? I must realize it was never real what you where feeding. Sad.... And for moment I Almost took the hook.  Love doesn't quit! You should have told me about the CLOSET.. YOU ALWAYS had opportunity to talk ... DONT BE ANGRY.. INTUITIONS that's all. I accept what happened.. You have what need now..



Smiles and glances in SFO security line - m4w



We locked eyes twice and mouthed "hi" to each other while waiting in the security line on Monday night (Jan 2) at around 7. I was connecting to a domestic flight after a long international one. I would love to know your story. Tell me the situation and what I looked like so I know it's you....    


Really is that all WOW - w4m



Hey dickhead....yea u ... FYI ...one can move on when you say that you have decided to stay with the lying ass whore u live with... one can get closure from that.  But it makes it pretty fucking hard to have closure when u just fucking vanish into thin air.  I am pretty intelligent to figure out that u dont want me and dont love me like u said u did.  But a heads up would have been mighty white of you.  Its been several days and today would have been the day that I thought I would have heard from you but as u know..... nada.  Well Happy New Year to you. But just so you know... I never would have let anyone or anything keep you from me.  The only thing that could stop me from getting to you...is you .  You when u obviously show what u really want... and it doesn't include me.    I would have waited forever..... but then again if you were the right man I wouldn't have had to wait because u never would have left me.  So why waste my time even posting anything on here.... well mostly its to release the pressure and the heartbreak that burns in my soul right now... and the other reason is hoping that I might get lucky and u actually read this bullshit pleas for you to be a fucking human being and fucking show ur face again.  I wish I could stop waiting to hear a knock at the door in the wee hours of the night or r my phone ring and it is finally u calling to at least tell me ur alive and not tied up somewhere like in "misery" .  Good luck to you Aaron and I truly do wish u nothing but the best of luck and a good life and a good woman someday.  Peace out    


Ever had an orgasm? - m4w



PLEASE NO SPAM. 
Every woman/girl needs to experience a mind blowing orgasm at least once. Lots of women go their whole life without experiencing a true orgasm. if we have a connection (chemistry) I can give you one without ssex,just need my hand!! discreet clean. send pic with info.
TYPE: (#707REAL!! )In subject line please. I getting way to many emails fast.
BTW Im Not FAKE. . So i not gonna go outside the email system.    


My heart



God what a weekend we had,  like you texted me today that will go down in history as one of the most memorable times I've ever had with someone
To me you represent love, an intense sexual fierceness, friendship and you make me feel whole again
You showed me who has my back 100 percent. You will never ever read this, but I just woke up smiling and felt like I needed share my gratitude to the universe for having you in my life. And for any of you out there, specifically women who  are looking for love in all the wrong places or settling for less open your eyes and your heart and allow the universe to work its magjic. There are men and then there is a MAN. You must falter first to know the difference. But Do not hold anger, envy, pettiness or darkness inside of you or you will block out what you truly deserve. Let everything negative seep from your body, embody harmony, beauty, calmness and a nurturing spirit and life will change.  Bragging is not my style but this one I was not going to hold back. 
Thank you for what you did today, thank you for showing me your love through your words and your actions. You walked that bottle to me in the rain and holding your face in my hands was how my year started and I look forward to many more adventures with you still
I Love you

Happy New Year    


Luvgurl my cute uberpool rider:) new years night - m4w



I just dropped you off about an hour ago. You sat up front with me, I had another girl in the back, I enjoyed our conversation, sounds like you did too!  You are so cute and I love your smile. You gradually kept looking at me smiling, your perfume smelled really good. I dropped you off first at a motel off first st.  If you see this hit me back i would love to hang out. Thank you for making me smile, the holidays were definitely not good to me and haven't smiled in weeks until I meet you :*    


Sculpt Reality - w4m



For once the Sand Sculpture of my life 
produced the final piece, 
when the ebb and tide 
froze as your deft hands finally
dealt with the sand particles 
to carve my sculpture by the shore 
under that hazy star light 

i was sprawled, 
dreamt the stretching sands 
and the reflection of love
in your warm dreamy eyes. 

Saw myself near the mighty sea 
breathless of the soul created
and enthralled at your artistry 
of the beauty you found in me,
and brought to life.

High in my foolish vanity 
i dared to dance on the tip of waves 
proudly and forgetting that i was but a piece 
of carefully arranged sand particles 

The sea with its inimitable roar 
came in rolling urgency and 
simply pulled me into its embrace 
without thought or hesitation 
to claim final victory over your art.



castro showers after late workout - m4m



Still in shock and awe.  You're beautiful.  Just my type.  Dark hair all over.  I guess I wanna say thanks for the fun.  I'm way more than down to hangout if you are, or be workout buddies.  If not, that's cool. 
Either way, 2017 is off to a good start.    


Landau and his humans at the hotsy totsy - w4mw



Dear landau's humans at the hotsy totsy. When I first met landau earlier in the evening his human woman person explained to me that she was happy to have me say hello to him, she just didn't want him jumping on people. As a former dog caretaker I wanted to respect his ongoing training, and so when I came back to my table after first meeting him I kept my hand on his collar after he tried to jump on me with adorable enthusiastic hellos. I kept my hand on his collar while I was giving him ear scratches and the like, I thought I was aligning with his training my giving him lubs while not letting him jump up on me.   I over stepped my bounds and I couldn't be more sorry for any discomfort I may have caused you or him. I am so so so SO sorry, and as an animals lover and a person owned by many animals I have strong protective instincts about I thank you for calling me out on over-stepping my bounds as a dog-petter and apologize for any discomfort I may have caused you, or unforgivably, landau. I am so extremely sorry, and horrified that my behavior may have upset you. Please accept my sincerest apologies for misreading the situation. I hope you and your wonderful sweet pup have a good 2017.    


*** Corner of Brannan & 2nd with an art canvas in your hand *** - m4w



Your the most beautiful woman I have ever seen or will ever see.

You were standing with your friend in front of the Ozone Thai restaurant on 2nd at the corner of Brannan street.

You have blonde hair, a round face with pink cheeks, and green (or blue?) eyes. Your friend was a brunette. You each had a painting in your hand. Seemed like maybe both of you just came out of an art class and those were your own paintings. 

Anyway, I passed by you, and then turned my head (180 degrees) to see you again as I thought I would never see anything that beautiful ever again. I crossed the street and then turned back to come talk to you, but as I was coming back you got in a car and drove away.

If anyone knows this lady, please ask her to read this. You'll be my hero forever if she writes to me.    


December 23rd at target checkout - m4w



We spoke briefly in line. You had to go to a bookstore after. You are the most perfect girl I have ever met and absolutely love your smile. If there is a chance this is it. If not I hope our paths may cross. Please contact me if you read this.    


LEAH - m4w



Hey Leah from Novato this is Matt. I'm worried about you... contact me please..I don't know what happend to you. I had fun with you..    


Church Street Cafe - m4m



Giving this a shot.

I was meeting a friend to chat around 6pm on Monday and as I walked into the cafe I noticed you right away across the room. I didn't want to be rude to my friend but I wanted to chat with you. 

You: black hoodie, short hair, great eyes. 

Message me back if you remember me at all? I would love to chat.    


Regarding: Persian cashier at Squat and Gobble - m4w



I RARELY go to Missed Connections on CL.
I saw your posting. I read it:
Persian cashier at Squat and Gobble - m4w
age: 31
Came in with my family and you were working the counter. Just wanted to say you are really pretty and would certainly like to get to know you.

I think Friday was the 2nd time I've ever eaten at Squat & Gobble.

Image my surprise when I read your post and realized we were BOTH there that day and I was pretty sure which woman you were talking about.

Was this fate...a memorable story of how the woman of your dreams came to fruition? How is it that ~I~ saw this?! So I did what any hopeless romantic, or curious nobody with a life would do.

I called Squat & Gobble.

And SHE answered the phone. I asked for the Persian looking lady who worked on Friday. She said she gets told she looks Persian a lot. I excitedly explained how I was there and I rarely go to CL, and she was mentioned on Missed Connections. And how romantic it would be if you guys lived happily ever after, and what a great story this would make, how I brought her and you together.....

She said she wasn't interested. 

I tried.

But I'm single!    


Missed connection in Good Earth - w4m



We crossed paths several times in Good Earth. I smiled at you. I was with my friend and his son, who I babysit (I am not involved with the boy's father). I wish I could have said hello. If that was you, email with some details about yourself/the situation so I know it's you!    


Whole Foods Haight - m4w



It was surreal seeing you several times in the store on Monday and then on the street; you look like you're from Europe or a planet of unicorns ;o) Drop me a line, since I couldn't get up the nerve to say hi as I biked past!    


West lake Safeway at 8:30p - m4m



Hi there. This is for the sexy young Asian man I saw tonight at Safeway, on 1/03/17. We glanced at each other a few times. You looked about 5'9 to 5'10, slim build, blue sweatpants, blue sweatshirt, glasses, and flip flops. We saw each other again when I was heading for the checkout. Hope you see this post and that we can get together. If this happens to be you, please tell me what I was wearing and what color my hair is,to know it's really you. Also please write "I'm here" in subject line when and if you reply.    


Re: Spoke on qwikmeet - w4m



I'm not the guy you are looking for but I think I know who it is. If you're still searching let me know.    


Pink Beats with a Red 49er winter cap. - m4w



Your absolutely gorgeous. I didnt want to be rude and interupt you. We locked eyes a couple times. Your shy looking away and biting your lip should have been a big enough signal. I feel silly for not at least getting your name. I hope i find and get to enjoy that beautiful smile again. We sat next to eachother from walnut creek to baypoint. You had on a black shirt. Let me know what the two pictures were on it so i know its you.    


Power exchange on Sunday Jan 1st - mw4mw



Hi we were the couple you came up to and asked if we had been there before. You said it was your second time and didn't know how it worked. You came up and watched as I sucked my boyfriend and I noticed your boyfriend was watching I a road mine. Then you left and we didn't get a chance to talk some more. If you read this tell me what you were wearing and where you came up to talk to us and I will reply. We would like to see if we can play together.    


Re: I Fucking Miss You - w4m



I just melted reading that. I read these from time to time in hopes I get a message from the one who moved away. A girl can dream. Good luck to you man...I hope she reads that!    


You don't know - w4m



until you try. You assumed it wouldn't work & you were right, it didn't work. Negative thoughts bring nothing but missed connections. Right... you were so wronged. Ummm what's that 'you don't know until you try' better luck in 2018................    


Why's it gotta come in sideways? - m4w



That was all you said, cute blonde girl in the rain at the gas station.  I should have introduced myself, I was with the ambulance...    


Asian guy in the sauna at Crunch Yerba - m4m



It was around 5:30pm on Tuesday Jan 2nd. We kept making eye contact a bit before we left. I'm the light skinned latino. I would be interested in meeting sometime.    


24 hr fitness - m4m



I sat next to you during spin class at 6 pm on Tuesday. Was trying to keep up with your pace. I thought you were hot. We made eye contact a few times. If the vibe is there, contact me. Would like to meet up after class as well. Looks like we are in the same boat since we both wear wedding bands. Hope to see you again.    


Dental assistant from dental office by big lots - w4m



You assisted in my dental procedure and teeth cleaning. You're tall, and attractive and 420 friendly :) 

We always talk about good smoke and old stories and you complimented my Yelp review if you guys place. 

I feel like we were flirting with each other lol if we weren't no big deal.. I just needed to vent my attraction towards you somewhere lol    


aloof and affectionate seeks drug free goody two shoes - m4w



Sometimes i wonder if life's supposed to be so lonely. Guess so. I'll keep fighting for another good nte of sweatsmiles and something that could last forever. Im white 40 good looking super strate and kinda nice recently spent way to long chasing love. I think maybe if u chase it it runs away hahaha    


AP - I'm not in love with you either - w4m



I don't even know what I want to say but I guess I need to get this out to the universe...

You hurt me a lot, and I'm still confused. It was very presumptuous to think that I would definitely fall in love with you, and that you would definitely hurt me. But you did hurt me, only because you weren't honest. And all I had asked of you was to be honest. 

You didn't even give me a chance to process or understand. I just stood there crying in the alley way. And you just walked away and disappeared into the night. Who does that?!

I guess I meant nothing to you. 

Its the new year now. And its obvious you have/had no feelings for me. So I have to let you go now. Let go of the person who I hoped you were and couldn't be.

Bye AP.




Josh Pope - w4m



Hi, we went out a few times and you disappeared

Looking for anyone that knows or has info on Josh Pope 

He grew up in geyserville and is now back in the area    


my search ends when I find you - m4m



I can not stop, for you know this love I have for you Jake Floyd.  I know you try to reach out to me yet I'm flagged by hate and jealous mankind.  If you love me as you say, please find me here.    


NYE Mango dancing partner - w4w



This is a long shot but wanted to reach out to my beautiful dancing partner Carmen. Thank you for a wonderful evening, would love to continue our dancing adventure.    


gone



When all that money is gone 
And u have nothing and no one and your sitting inside your head.i hope u realize you fucked up.
I know i did recently but i think youl realize it when she smells like me or when you see and hear me everywhere and il be long gone.
Take care 
Xoxoxo    


buscamos parejas reales no  juegos - mw4mw



hola somos primerisos y tenemos esta fantasia  buscamos pareja reales no  juego estamos aviertos a todo pero con respeto    


Mad, Passionate, Extraordinary Love - w4m



It is.  No doubt.  I've thought of you every day since we met.  But I'm still left feeling so uncomfortably insecure with you. I don't want to spend my life feeling that way.  I want someone who will give me consistency, security, comfort, and reassurance...  Someone who's  arms are always open to me and would never turn their back on me or block me out or play games.  I don't just want that.  Emotionally, I need that in order to let down my guard and trust.  Sadly, I don't think you'll ever give me that and for me mad, passionate, extraordinary love just isn't enough.    


more than less than - w4m



Fun as it all sounded the truth has me stepping out of the running. As clean as I've been for so many years, it's still there and that's my deal, can't change it.  Congratulations, I'm happy for you though. I hope you find a what you need, d/dfree frolicking and th occasional connection and mental adventure described. I can see how that could work with the right one seeking more stimulation and occasional depth. Cute post. Most of us must have those memories. I have some very funny recollections of the girls down the street drawing circles around my nipples and belly button and my mom seeing it when I showered and starting to crack up. She found it so funny and innocent and it was then.  If you have anything to add about your memories I'd appreciate hearing from you by the end of the week.    


If u didn't hear it from me! - m4w



I would go directly to you if I felt or heard something that was eating away at me. I do still and will always for you! No one compares..baby,lover,it really was only the beggining. It was bad timing.

My
D.O.B
WILL GET RESPONSE weather    


At The Rack - m4m



You are a tall, good looking man wearing fingerless gloves and cool glasses.  I saw you in the mens' department at the Rack on Sunday, Jan. 2 and followed you to the shoe department where we said hello.  I was shy.  You left.  We saw each other again in the parking lot, but you were with another guy.  Boyfriend?  I wonder. Would be interested in seeing you again.    


Adorable mom at park, radio/curtner - m4w



It was a couple days ago, over the holidays, but I haven't forgotten your adorableness. I'm sure you have a stable situation at home and aren't searching craigslist for possible romanitic connections but just in case...you were at the park on the corner of Radio anc Curtner, you had short, stylish blond hair, gray converse, pink hoodie, jeans with a couple rips and a super cute gray and navy blue/black striped scarf. Adorableness = off the charts.    


Seeking Filipina Lover - m4w



Good Looking  43 YO MWM seeks attractive Filipina female for discreet affair. 

Email me for more details.    


Gym Crush at 24 hour Crane - m4m



Saw you again today for the first time in weeks around lunch time.  Wish you had decided to take a shower like the last time I saw you.

I'm not sure you even notice me.  If you're reading this I wish there was something I could have done to let you know, but I'm way too new at this sort of thing and really don't want other guys to think I'm open to just anyone.

If by some chance you read this and you're wondering if it's me, tell me what I was doing as you left today and describe yourself a little.  Until then :)    


Handsome daddy in Kabuki 1/2 - m4m



You were at the baths last night-
Shaved head, smooth, muscular, in your 40s (?). I was the slim guy with brown hair.

We sat by each other in the pool. I felt that we looked at each other a couple of times. I looked down and noticed you playing with your cock, had a hard time not to stare.

Hope to see you again.    


RE:Re:re ...CONFUSED by what you did?? - m4w



Ok,well the OP of the original post took issue with some if what I wrote, and flagged me apparently a
 I have changed things a bit.
Odd that you use the term resource, how pragmatic, to some love is something other than an item to be checked off a grocery list. And what about when a woman or a man makes a decision to end a relationship based on incomplete or in fact faulty information,? I know who posted the original that you have used as the basis for your posting and he is certainly no danger to the woman he is trying to reach. I know he  thinks she may be in some real danger and feels he may be in part responsible. He is sorry for going through your things but it was  far more innocent than you seem to believe. He has loved you from the moment you met and when he first uttered those words he did not do so lightly. So when do you give up on love?He is unwilling to give up on his friend and cannot imagine why certain things have happened and needs words with her. He feels he needs to stop doing what he has accused her of namely allowing all of these other parties to have a presence in what is between him and his MC and so I modified this with some of his thoughts but the remainder he reserves for her. She knows where he is and it is some distance away.But a suggestion from me to his MC, he loves you,he is in love with you and I have never heard him speak about anyone ever in the way he speaks about you. He is a good soul who has been through a great deal of betrayal and loss from an early age though he usually glosses over these things. I should know,I was there to witness a great deal of it. We only just reconnected after years when he texted me out of the blue wishing me happy birthday, yours was on his mine and he thought of me because of how close together they fall. Good luck to you both. I know that if you can get this figured out you will never find a better man to have in your corner. He is relentless when it comes to helping those he loves. HNY    


I had to delete that post - w4m



I don't know how you people can even post that shit over and over. It made me feel ill to even have that up there or even to read. 

Jesus fucking Christ. Why do this? Why try so hard to be hurtful? Why tear others down?

I don't get it. Don't think I ever will.    


Bob Moses Blue Fuzzy Vest - w4m



Lent you my blue vest to enjoy and then lost you. Hoping you will see this and contact me. Otherwise I hope the vest brings you joy and you let your freak flag fly.    


Denim-clad dude at BASA - w4m



Tall, kind dude picking up at Basa on Monday afternoon. You complimented my jacket (thank u so much). I was trying to track down my rec on my phone, so I didn't chat much 

hence the missed connection!

I haven't posted one of these before ~ is this too vague?? lmk 

I like your jacket, too    


24 hour fitness redhead - Aliyah - m4w



You use to work at the front desk during the graveyard shift and I'd see you early in the morning. 

You left about a month ago and I miss saying good morning.

Doubt you'll find this but I'd like to chat and catch-up.    


Dare.. - w4w



I known for awhile now..
People don't profile their
Ex's or go on to social sites on accident..
I've seen your beautiful amazing self hidden on some of of the places you dropped a pic in.. If it you and that temptation is there
You know how to win this back!! 

P.s
I dare you! 
Don't be scared!
Its been way to long now!
Come come..

Give me the initials of mom and pops,, real!
No more games!    


I wouldn't call it a missed connection ....yet - w4m



We have such a strong connection & I'm loving it but I feel we are just going to end up here missing each other instead of being together the way we truly should.    


RE REGULAR CUSTOMER - w4m



I need to know if Its the you I think it is. I dont want anything from you and do have  a so but Id like to know either way. Please Tell me where you work so I know Im your regular. Hi :) ME is double decker.    


Exchanged a few words at park - m4w



Hi..
We were with our children at a local park on Monday afternoon. 
I really enjoyed our conversation and I wished I had gotten your info.. 
maybe we can meet in the future with our kids.  

I really hope you see this but I know the chances are very slim.    


SEEKING: ACTIVETRAVELBUG from Fitness - m4w



You posted on a popular web site with photos of you in various locales, one showing you on a Volagi.  If you know this woman, or are this woman, please contact me.
Thanks!    


Looking for my Melissa - m4w



M J P.... last we talked I was headed to Reno... you know where you are... your phone is disconnect or what's going on!? contact me... I miss you!    


bookworm nubile at Barnes and Noble - m4w



It seems that you were intentionally showing off, because the way you carried all those books tended to pull your shirt off to the side. No complaints from me, you have an amazing figure! :) 

But I *was* bummed as we stood next to one another in line at the register, because that was when you figured out you misplaced your wallet and rushed back to the aisles to look for it.

Was it too much excitement to handle?    


Spank you very very much!! - m4w



I'm an intelligent, open minded, down to earth, professional WM who just so happens to have a fetish of spanking a woman's sexy bottom as part of the lovemaking process. This can be before, during, and/or after the "main event". If you are like minded, sincere about meeting, and perhaps a bit on the submissive/serving side, we'll get along just fine !! Bonus points if you are younger, height/weight proportioned, and smoothly shaved or trimmed below.... but all are encouraged to reply. Thanks for looking... hope to hear from you sometime soon !!  PS.........please include your email address so that we may eliminate CL relay.    


Walgreens - m4m



Saw you in front of the line from me 1/3/17 in walgreens off of Tennyson. You were older guy who was flirting with theach cashier. Saw you leave and I'm pretty sure we made eye contact while you were in your car. Followed you out until you turned away and I couldn't follow you anymore, sorry I got excited. What car were you driving? To know it's you. Hope to hear from you.    


Hola tienes ganas de hacer algo rico? - m4w



Hola que tal, tengo 27 anos y busco a una chava que pueda estar interesada en ser amigos con beneficios.
Podemos primero conocernos en un lugar publico para tomar un cafe y si hay una coneccion entre nosotros pues. Yo no tomo, ni fumo, no hago drogas, trabajo y me gusta salir a pasear. 

Soy limpio, me cuido, y pues quiero buscar a una chava para que la pueda ayudar a complacerla y que tambien me complazca. Podemos aliviarnos el estres haciendo el amor. A mi me gusta mucho dar oral y lo hago muy bien.

Si te interesa algo asi yo tengo un cuarto donde podemos hacerlo es mas busco a una chava para compartirlo. Pagariamos 350 cada uno pero por ahorita me gustaria buscar a una mujer para satisfacernos nuestras calenturas, si te gusta coger quiero conocerte. Gracias y que tengas un buen dia!    


Jeanne B. - m4w



I still want you. Lets get together soon. I can be discreet. Hit me up dont be shy.....    


Sean at Jackson's - w4m



I enjoyed talking with you so much. And it didn't suck that you are so easy on the eyes. I wanted to stick around to see how the game turned out and to share some more travel stories. Alas, your wedding ring was quite distracting. Had to go before my unseemly imagination started to show. 

Why are the good ones gay or married??    


mr.fox - w4m



I miss you...didn't see it coming. I have not given up on love, keep digging! Ok universe, I put it out there...    


Let's Talk - m4m



We talk once a year when I go to see you. An attraction is always there. You're Asian, I'm not. I saw you last in mid-December. There are many things you should and could enjoy. I'm missing them too. There's always more to say but never enough time. Let me know if you have time beyond your 8 minute commute!    


I Fucking miss you - m4w



This is going to make sense, but I can't stand this feeling of being without you. You drive me crazy in the best way. I cant sleep. I cant eat. I know it sounds corny, but i want to get lost with you and forget about all the bullshit. I want you. I miss you. All i can think about is you.    


Thick Women - mw4w



We are a couple in our 20s. We frequent here very often. Latino man big tall very handsome with a mixed woman (black and white) cury thick bbw. We just love to chill and meet new women of color. We always see women looking but we prefer people of the thick and bigger type like us. If we look and smile at you don't be afraid to approach us as long as you are a thick woman of color. We are very friendly. We like to drink 420 friendly and are looking for a friend maybe a third for some fun but that all depends on you ;) Be disease and hard drug free. Hit us up    


Betrayal - m4w



I TRIED TO GET INTERNET SERVICE BUT YOU NEED TO CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT SO I CAN OPEN A NEW ONE, PLEASE CALL THEM AND FIX THIS, UNLESS YOU PLAN ON COMING HOME TO ME. XMAS IS ALWAYS A DIFFICULT TIME FOR MANY, I WISH YOU AND YOUR'S THE BEST. I WILL ALWAYS BE HERE SHOULD YOU EVER WANT TO TALK, OR MORE. I AM GOING TO FIGURE THIS OUT ONE DAY, THE MATH STILL DOES'NT ADD UP. YOU HAVE NOTHING TO FEAR WITH ME, SOMEDAY YOU WILL SEE WHAT YOU ARE MISSING, I THINK YOU ARE FINDING THIS OUT ALREADY.  I never cheated but I am no saint. Got into a fight last night. Its nice to know I still\"got it". enjoy your xmas, as i will try to enjoy mine    


You have seen my weakness, but not my strength - m4w



You have seen my self confidence in front of the class, but you have never seen my strength when my family is threatened. You have seen my weakness, you, but you have never seen what I would do to defend you. I have my good points, and my weaknesses, like everybody, but if I commit to you, you will never have to doubt me. I will always be there for you. I will never hurt you on purpose, We all make mistakes. I will never cheat on you. I will be there whenever you need me.    


Mission Peak - m4w



I know you like to do this with your daughter. I have done it a couple of times, but feel no need to do it again. I prefer to hike in Ed Levin Park. The hike is not so strenuous, but the scenery is much better. I have a 10 mile hike that I do, starting from my house. I would love to do this with you. Hike into the hills, lunch by the lake, and return home. It takes a bit less than 4 hours. Any time you want to do this, you know where I am. It would make the hike 10 times better than it already is.    


Flight from MFR to SFO - w4m



We were on the same flight from Medford to San Fran. I saw you walking towards baggage claim and so assume you live in the area. Perfect height, slightly bald and a gentleman...handsome too! You had a red book you were reading and was holding something else. Tell me what you were holding.    


Safeway on Grand Ave!!! - m4w



I saw you walking out the store. Brunette, gorgeous smile, great rack :) You smiled at me. Let's chat. Tell me what I was sitting in!    


You said to forget you - m4w



How am I supposed to do that? There are too many things that remind me of you.
Sept. 23, your daughters birthday, my birthday.
March 24, the last time I saw you, my oldest daughter's birthday, the day my wife died.
April 14, my third daughter's birthday, my wedding anniversary, my first day back at ESL, you should have been there, but you weren't.

I would have married you the first day I got back from Japan, not knowing anything about you, no questions asked, but you won't even talk to me. I still would!    


HAB, Life Goes On, But Memories Last Forever! - m4w



It's crazy to think 6yrs have already flown by! Distance has grown, we have matured & traveled, but The First Love is Always Treasured & the Measure.

I miss you dearly! Our friendship, that pretty little smile, your humor, and oh dear that laugh!  And Of course much much more.... Oh to be young again; how the directions would be different! Let's just say that I wouldn't let you leave for ISU.... Would keep you close on the coast! 

It seems that "Unasnswered Prayers" works for you... Maybe down the road we can find ourselves "Friends in Low Places?" Lol. 

Wishing you well HAB. Happy New Year!  
Miss Ya & Love Ya... A&F!
Mwah.    


Cute white guy I complimented on his sambas



Let's put it out there...
Cute white guy I saw earlier, complimented you on your sambas.
Let me know...
Cheers!    


Your brilliance consumes me - w4m



Brennan,

I'm not so great at sublety so I'm pretty sure you've figured out by now that I have feelings (inappropriate as they are) for you.  I don't know if you're being humble or if you really don't see how attractive you are.  You exude confidence and beauty, both inside and out, and I am utterly fascinated by you.  I know you would never reciprocate, but I wanted you to know how amazing you are.  If my situation were different I wouldn't hesitate to tell you in person.  As it is I get so nervous when I'm near you, all I can think about is getting lost in your embrace.  Thoughts of you fill my mind in the most thrilling way...    


Lives



I'm watching fight club and I miss you. I've never known anyone else to identify as Marla Singer; you're a regular Sylvia Plath. I love you to no end, but ... I miss you. I miss us. We will never be us again.  When we did mushrooms in Rosie, when I met you outside the Chinese restaurant, when you said you felt like sticking a 12 gauge in your mouth because you were living in a motel. When we drove to LA and fucked ourselves over. When you fucked my sister...  I don't know.  Time will never go back and we can't re-experience each other. I just miss you terribly even though we're both carrying on. You loved me but I was in love with you    


Kabuki Asian? - m4m



Jan 2 around 5:30-7  I think you were Asian about same height as me 5'9.  We exchanged many glances in sauna and steam room I think you were looking up my towel in the sauna, you were sitting below me sideways and you removed your towel and I was looking at you naked and getting hard :)  I am Caucasian 5'9 150lbs smooth    


I don't want this to end, but... - w4m



This is the only thing I can do to grant your New Years wish...you want no more drama.  

Your excuses of why we can't be exclusive with each other, because that would require titles is unacceptable to me.  

My reactions to your constant ridicule and "joking" described by you to be "biting, kicking, screaming and scratching" are only due to your accusations that I've slept with anyone but you and my ex in the past 21 years.  You should know that I've been with no one but you in the past 5 years and would NEVER allow a less than desirable and trashy drug and alcohol addict to touch me, EVER.  That's disgusting and you have accused me of that for nearly 4 years now....and was your first excuse as to why you couldn't be with me.  Unacceptable.

Have you ever heard the saying..."Always be careful of what you hear about a woman.  Rumors either come from a man who can't have her...or a woman who can't compete"

Enough said.

Next, your accusations that I am using drugs on a regular basis is absurd and will no longer be tolerated no matter how funny you think it may be.  You use that as a reason we can't be together and that is also unacceptable.  

You've made comments that you are unattracted to me, because I've lost 12 pounds in 8 months.  In my opinion I was starting to get fat.  Muffin top is not a style I'm into rocking and I don't know any man who wants their girl looking unhealthy or sloppy.  But you use this as a reason to not be in a relationship with me as well.

All of the above (and much more) including standing me up on my birthday and lying about it, to leaving 1 hour before midnight on New Years Eve to "drop off your car" has been nothing short of mind games on your part and of course I get upset and literally heated and pissed off when this stupidity comes out of your mouth.  Do you expect me to allow you to play your games and sit pretty and not get upset?  Especially when you make these excuses the reason we can't be together??  You're crazy.

Look, you want your cake and ice cream and want to eat it all too....with no strings, affection or intimacy associated?  Then you'll have to go find that elsewhere because I can't do it anymore.  I can't believe I allowed this to go on as long as I did.  You almost had me in a straight jacket.  You're cruel and unkind, and don't care for me at all the way you used to.  I don't know what happened to the beautiful man I fell in love with 5 years ago, but I do know I don't deserve to be treated this way.  I deserve respect, love and adoration...

You aren't willing to be that guy, so....why should I give my body to you when you don't want the rest of me the way you've always said you did?

In 2017, I will not play your games, not be your toy (because you treat me as if you don't need me - I'm sure I'm not the only one) and I will not give you my body any longer - I deserve so much more than you are willing to give....to me anyway.

Maybe if I respect myself, it'll prove that you should respect me too.  And when you start to respect me the way you used to...perhaps I'll respect you as I used to before you became so "unavailable" and unwilling to do what you told me you wanted to do.

I will use this time to repair the damage this "relationship" has done to my heart and self esteem.  

And when the time is right, you'll either choose me or not, but ultimately I'll have my self respect back and restored as it was before.

Because I'm a dime-piece...and still a unicorn.




Target missed connection - m4m



We were both shopping at target in Capitola on Monday night 1/2/17. Ran into each other in the home aisle. You were shopping for some storage plastic units. I moved my cart and you smiled. We ran into each other again. 

Long shot. But if it's you, hit me up. Would love to meet up.    


Everybody thinks they won...... - m4w



What did they win a bunch of stuff that somebody was giving away to somebody they owed money to. In Reality they just stole all her stuff that she was going to make her money back on.

Then after I was already gone for many days you decide to make up some bull shit rumor about me to make me look bad so you could feel it was OK to rob me 

I know some of you did some real dirty shit there and now you all have to live with that :)

Everyone always thought I had the perfect life there but everyone that thought that didn't know me at all.


Some people say I'm out of my mind for the of work I do but all I can think of is of coarse I'm out of my mind it's dark and scary in there.....

Everybody wants me to go fight fight fight and get my things back but once I do either you or your old lady's will call the cops then I go away 

I have better ideas up my sleves for you the funny thing every time somethings does go wrong you all be thinking if it was me lol but don't worry I'll make sure you know it's from me :)

Did my girl do you guys just right I hope so cuz doctor doctor give me the news I got bad case of loving you and next time when you lie to somebody to make it believable look them in the face when there talking to you cuz I was looking staight at you saying it wasn't me and I can still say that cuz I'm not a scum bag like that the lady's I date will not be together with there man at the time 

So fellas go ahead and keep thinking what you did was right but if a employee doesn't show up for work you fire him

" Just Saying "

Just keep up the good work of being Bullies we all know how much everybody likes a bullies 

Just don't for get how much money I've helped you make over the years and how much you took advantage of that you did pay me ok I won't say good cuz I make the same now and just started

Out of everything that's been done the only thing I still miss is my girl 

I love you baby wish I could be with you your the only thing that makes me smile 

                       :)    


you hate shopping - m4w



Girl in food max ...wanted to tell you your very beautiful but you had a ring on....    


Flight from China - w4m



You were on my flight on 1/2 from China to SFO, landed at 6.  We sat a row apart. You were tall, very tall. Baseball cap, beard. We walked side by side through customs, but then you were gone. I wish we talked. Total long shot, but nothing wagered...    


Flight from SD to SJ - m4w



You were the quite personable flight attendant on this flight today 1/2/2017. I was the passenger a few rows from the back wearing a dark coat and had glasses. You probably get this a lot but I thought we might have a connection. I bet it gets lonely flying everywhere without really having too much say. Either way If you see this message me with the type of bag I had and maybe we can get a drink if you ever are in town.    


If it doesn't open, it isn't your door. - w4m



Life is earth shattering sometimes. Sometimes life shatters everything... Self esteem, self worth, families, finances and everything in between. That's where I am right now. It's like I'm standing in someone's kitchen that had a disgusting amount of dishes and...decided to break every single one. There's glass everywhere and pieces of ceramic, and furthermore now there is nothing to eat off of.

When I sent you that first letter it was after he raped me. I could not even admit it to myself at the time. I didny even write it in my diary for a year. But what do you call it when someone threatens you with violence, demands sex, and fucks you while you cry? It's rape. When I became pregnant, loving my baby was all I could do to keep from killing myself. When I lost him, i lliterally as I was hemoraging, he left me to go get drunk. 

SO, when I told you a second time how I felt I understood I had nothing to lose. Literally, I have nothing. And I had nothing then. Well...I had a dream I suppose. I had hope that maybe you were waiting for the right time, for us to fall apart before you could say honestly that you felt the same way. And even now I wonder if I even knew you to love you. Sure, my heart says I love you, but it seems that just like him what you want people to believe about you, and what you actually are is not the same.

Do I love a dream? I love God. I thought I saw you in him. I really did. I thought you would give up your ego and talk to me atleast and you could not even give me that courteousy. 

So this is it. I'm giving up the ONE thing I have left that I cling to other than her: you- your false image- my perhaps false love. I meant it when I wrote that it was crazy to stuff love down and conceal it. That's nuts. But it's even crazier to keep loving someone that is never going to wish you a happy birthday, or merry Christmas, or surprise you with a text to let you know he cares. That's crazy and I won't do it anymore. 

I can't say that I don't think you're a beautiful person, because I always will. I am so thankful to God that you are alive. I did not even know I loved you until I thought you might die, and that's how I knew it was real. I hope you will be kind to your body in the near future, as presently you are not. I hope that when you find the girl that loves you as much as I do, you actually love her back and have a wonderful, happy life. I really wish all good things for you. But this is it. It's the last hoorah. I can't keep doing this to myself because you will never return my love. Good bye G.    


Men's Warehouse by Target in Pleasant Hill, Our eye contact. - m4w



We met with powerful eye contact and you smiled.  As I left I turned around to see you gazing at me again. I hope you see this.    


SF Caltrain Station - m4w



Our eyes met and as you walked away you kept looking back as our eyes locked on New Years after midnight while you made your train. Please respond with a description of an article of clothing you had on.    


Midnight Sun: Sunday afternoon - m4m



You were playing cards with another buddy and girlfriend. I was the guy with a black hat on.
Smiled and made eye contact a few times. You stood up to leave staring at me but I was the dumbass that let you leave without getting up to talk to you.    


I miss you - m4m



Hi J, 
I miss you, I know we lost touch.  I miss your kiss, your touch, remember me?  Maybe we could share some orange juice again?  Or maybe i could clean out your garage like you asked? Please email me what car you have and what car I have.  Please see this...
~T    


On 49, you are cute. - m4w



Not even sure what to say, really. And I feel as if you may be queer and aren't fond of the posting pronoun, and for that I apologize. 

You had glasses.

Hi?    


Han-Kook Supermarket - m4w



So there was this huge spark from the get-go (I've definitely got a thing for brunettes!), then we 'happened' to stand behind you in the check-out line, and you said 'thank you' in perfect Korean as you left.

Ok, these things *never* work, right?  But in this day & age of technology, if there's even a slight chance that you see this, then the 15 mins figuring out how to post this would be worth it.

Per chance if you do see this, it would be great to sit down and get to know you.  Meet perhaps for dinner and coffee :-)

An-nyang!
A Korean-American Dude ^_^    


Red Hearts on White Rocks - m4w



It's been a couple of years I'd guess since I found the last one...but I've always wondered who left them.  Was thinking about that tonight.  

I've saved them and they've meant a lot.  Thanks!    


re:  she



Good poem.  

You forgot the most important line 

She is your obsession and love

She is keeping your post from being too short 






Walgreens/blackpants/walk - m4w



You have beautiful blonde hair and looked so good in your workout pants leaving Walgreens. I cant get your body out of my mind. If you read this you'll know who I am. Email me please.    


she - w4m



she comes from somewhere probably from the bellybutton or from the shoe under the bed, or maybe from the mouth of the shark or from the car crash on the avenue that leaves blood and memories scattered on the grass. she comes from love gone wrong under an asphalt moon. she comes from screams stuffed with cotton. she comes from hands without arms and arms without bodies and bodies without hearts. she comes out of cannons and shotguns and old victrolas. she comes from parasites with blue eyes and soft voices. she comes out from under the organ like a roach. she keeps coming. she?s inside of sardine cans and letters. she?s under your fingernails pressing blue and flat. she?s the signpost on the barricade smeared in brown. she?s the toy soldiers inside your head poking their lead bayonets. she?s the first kiss and the last kiss and the dog?s guts spilling like a river. she comes from somewhere and she never stops coming.    


Whispers in your ear - m4w



If only you had known what I REALLY thought about whispering that day.  I almost did, but too bold, even for adventurous me!  I wanted to take you straight out of that room to a more private place, but got back on task eventually.  But I did need what I whispered for, and it helped, so thanks again for that :-)

I've never wound down from you... 

Why????

Come, let's sort it out.    


25 year old man on the carnival inspiration cruise from Long Beach - w4m



You saw me eating dinner alone in the Mardi Gras dining room and you were with your family. I wish I would have asked for your number, but we only got to talk briefly since your family wanted to go. You then sung karaoke and I watched. Your very handsome and I really hope you find this..... I live in Sacramento    


Re: Re: Re: ...CONFUSED by what you did?? - m4w



The OP posted a text exchange with his ex from last June that he was still processing in January. She had tried to let him down in the gentlest possible manner, but he refused to believe it was over. He rolled over her feelings like a Humvee, refusing even her reasonable request to let her sleep at 11 PM.

Then, even after the clue truck had made multiple deliveries to his house, he still didn't get it. And apparently she became stroppy at that point. BECAUSE HE JUST DIDN'T GET IT.

Take some time to process it; go offline, go camping, go fishing in the ocean. But realize it's over. If she thought there was hope SHE would have suggested couples' counseling or the like.    


re; you just don't get it - m4w



Well I see you read my post I honestly don't know why you're even on here and you can say what you want you just make yourself look the way you do you know what I would look like if I had a female over at my house super late at night around my daughter when I'm married it's sad that you use all that as an excuse it's even more sad that you can't just grow up and call your husband and talk to him like a normal human being all you had to do was say hey we're not working out I'd like to see other people and I would have been fine with it instead you chose to put all this anger and hostility in between us and disrespect me and yourself including our marriage by trying to divorce me through a text message    


Re:You've been on my mind - w4w



Wow! That sounds incredibly familiar. Especially since I wrote something similar to her. 

If this were from the one I've been thinking about all week. Speechless. Intrigued. 

By the way, I adore your smile. 




Bed Bath & Beyond - m4w



This is a moon shot. You were in front of me in line today. I walked out before you and you hopped  in a white lifted truck. Not sure of your status. Would be great talk if your interested.    


I still miss YOU this year W4M
Soon - m4w



I had read somewhere where it said
that life felt like a noose sometimes

and it reminded me of her
she had been the first after she had died
and she had asked how long it had been
and when she heard the answer
she said it was too soon

and soon enough
I felt her silence
and it wasnt the noose I was feeling
just the silence
of a jealous woman

but eventually a sigh is lent
and the silence goes away
like the silence of an e
lending itself to noos

and the news is
too soon 
can arrive
soon enough    


Guy with guitar on 24-Divisadero, Monday January 2nd 5:30pm - m4w



I was wearing a black hoodie, grey jeans, glasses. I got on at Castro & Market with my guitar and amp, and sat down near the front. You were sitting opposite, and asked if I wanted to sit next to you, but I said I was okay. I got off at McAllister & Divisadero, and you waved as I left. Maybe we could grab coffee sometime?    


Checkout line at Safeway this evening - m4w



Hey, am sorry I wasn't paying more attention! You could have left your one small item with mine and I would have gotten it. You were the cute short red hair woman with the leather jacket. I was the tall guy behind you with the beanie cap.    


Blonde Moe's Alley last night e - m4w



Hummm , You didn't seem to amused with your company . Every time we locked eyes I wanted you more and more great teaser wonder how well you play   . I would love to chat soon and tell you what was  running through my head .It was a great show BTW 
.    


We like to have fun - mm4mm



Just a bunch of dudes looking for another bunch of fun dudes. We like board games, magic, go karting and watching Anthony weiner documentaries.    


M.O.A.N.Y - Red Dress... I should have got your number - m4w



We kept running into each other all night... We walked upstairs together and then downstairs and you left your friend to walk with me... 

By the end of the night we were always beside each other and kept locking eyes. I hope you see this... I'd really like to get to know you.

You're gorgeous and extremely funny.

Tell me what was I wearing so I know its you? I'll send you my number :)    


Tuesday before Christmas, on the Lake Merritt platform near midnight - w4m



I was reading a book and wearing a dress. We talked until I got off at N. Berkeley. I should have asked for your number but I panicked. Hope to hear from you or see you again on bart!    


you dont get it



You really dont get it.
I didnt leave u for him.i left you because of you.and us.
He and i are not in any position to start a romance .
He is just simply wonderful to me.amazing moral support.
I dont plan to move on until our papers are signed.
Our marriage is a trainwreck and honestly u dont get it.
You dont care about me or love me .
U ruined me when u cheated and i dont think i will ever fully get over it .for me thats when it tainted everything. 
I think its funny u think i lay next to him at night.stop being a psycho.
I just want to be far far away from u 
Ps id be lucky to end up with him.hes everything u will never be.
Please fix yourself.    


My New Year's post and unsolicited advice - m4mw



This is unsolicited advice you can take or leave, however I feel compelled to write this.  There's alot of broken hearts out there (including my own) and hopefully this will help some of you.

If he/she lies perpetually, then even if you continued with them, what makes you believe this cycle would ever change?  If they thought so little of you to abuse your time, your patience, your feelings; what makes you believe that in this moment if you had them back that they would now treat you so much better?

What part did you play in your own script?  Are you, did you enable their actions?  Self examination and reflection is useful when evaluation in past tense, do you owe them an apology for your words thoughts or deeds?

Nobody is perfect but there's a point in time where you have to protect yourself while admitting your own flaws.

As a fourty something year old man I can assure you Ghosting is a pretty sad method to use for someone you claim to have loved.

Whoever, wherever you are it is my greatest hope in this new year that you find your whatever it/who/where that makes you complete.

Happy New Year's to all and may your fresh starts bring an abundance of happiness.

Sincerely 

JW    


Sweet man in brown leather jacket at Safeway on Grand - w4m



I'm not so good at talking to men, so I didn't know how to smile and encourage you, but I noticed you noticing me, especially when that kind older man made a joke about how packed the store was. I saw you in my peripheral vision a few times after that. I was wearing a black beret, a striped sweater, and had red lipstick on.

Thank you. You made my day. 

Happy new year, whoever you are.    


Taqueria Vallarta..felton - m4w



I saw you over a week ago in the Taqueria......we both smiled at each other...... We were both alone. ...i thought u looked amazing! !!! I should have said something hopefully now it's not too late do you remember me may I introduce myself to you?    


Dr. Soulmate - w4m



I still think of you. I still wonder. I can feel our connection. I think I always will.



M4M Hotel Group 12/23 - m4m



Hey,

You were the hot white married guy I connected with. I'm the younger black guy that all you guys took turns sucking while I kissed and sucked your nipples. 

I know this is a long shoot but hey, figured I'd try. 

Towards the end, we paired off with eachother and jacked our cocks until we both came. You got dressed and left and we could exchange info. But man, I would love to meet with you again. Married here as well, so super discreet. 

If you think this is you, please respond. The host made a comment about your ass before we started. 

Take care.    


Re: Re: ...CONFUSED by what you did?? - m4w



I'm not the OP, but I have to say that rationalization of emotionally abusive behavior is wrong no matter who's doing it.  And this type of shit goes in both directions, it's not just a monopoly of men trying to get back together with women and women wanting nothing to do with them.  I remember a guy telling me, "you're doing them a favor by making them think you're a jerk, so that way it's easier to get over you," and thinking, no, you're just being a dick, that's all.

It's not about women (or men) being a scarce resource.  There are several possible different factors, but they all stem from the fact that the two of you shared a physical and emotional connection (or perceived possibility thereof).  There are various frames of mind at play: some people view working through problems as the right thing to do in a relationship, rather than just abandoning the other person; some people feel like they aren't good enough for anyone else, so they cling to this perceived extremely rare resource of someone that did think them good enough; some people feel that love is not something to be given up on lightly; others feel hurt and betrayed by someone they trusted and are trying to make sense of things because now they feel they can't trust themselves or their feelings; and the list goes on and on.  A lot of the time, the rejecter has moved on, but the rejectee hasn't had time to process the loss.  For some, the loss of sex and/or romance may be easy to swallow, but the loss of the friendship is what hurts most.

Some trite saying like "move on" doesn't excuse you from treating another person as a human being.  I get the fear of people responding vindictively to rejection (women do it as well, but are less likely to do it in an overtly violent manner because of socialization).  My personal takeaway from those situations in my life was that I didn't spend enough time getting to know the person, and that their behavior was based on the perception of emotional pain I had caused them.  Treating people like human beings after a break up is definitely not the easy way out, but I've found that by continuing to treat someone as a human being, I no longer remain the perceived source of their pain.  Treating them in an emotionally abusive manner simply exacerbates the perception that you are the cause of their pain.

So the suggestion that it is logical to provide negative feelings to change someone's perception of you is like saying it is logical to kick someone who is down and defeated already.  Both would be absolutely true if your intention is to make them feel more pain and know that you are the cause of it.  I don't see how that will create less problems, though, especially if the person is vindictive.


response to:

Re: ...CONFUSED by what you did?? (santa cruz)

To you and all the other guys in your situation. Let it go. Women are not a scarce resource. There are probably a hundred in your town who you would be compatible with. Look forward, not backward.

When a woman decides it is over it is over. There is no way to persuade her differently. But women know that guys can reject being rejected, and can even become obsessed with getting them back. They rightly fear being injured or even killed by a guy who just doesn't get it. So they will carefully extract themselves from the guy's physical presence, taking care not to rile him up.

So why don't guys take the hint? The kindliest interpretation is that the woman provided him with good feelings, experiences, and emotions, which are now all gone. If he keeps going back to the woman, she logically will now provide negative feelings, experiences, and emotions, to change the mental image he has of her, so that he will move on to another woman who would provide the good feelings, etc.    


I haz lost yoUr tie at Steve Kimmock show! - m4m



Missing bag from Mill Valley groceries from friend I drove there with. Please call! 3~*    


Hot blonde driving at Simpkins Swim Center on 17th - m4w



...driving in the wrong lane, trying to turn into the swim center.

Yes, you.

You're a terrible driver, and if you don't change it you're going to get yourself killed, or cause someone else harm.

Wake up from your clueless slumber.

Your driving is dangerous to yourself and everybody else on the road.    


We met in Seattle - m4w



You were on the Southwest flight to Oakland and I was headed to Oklahoma City via Denver. We talked about retirement and other things. You mentioned that you might have a job on Bainbridge Island. I had to run off when my flight moved to another gate. I didn't get your name or phone number. I would like to see you again. 

I may end up in the bay area. Looking at applying for a job at Livermore.    


Uptown Street - m4m



You - Handsome asian.  Me Handsome W.  I was walking by and you were packing up your SUV or something.  You have a steering wheel lock, if that helps.  We exchanged smiles and I think you looked back at me, but i'm not sure.  I live very close by near alta bates.  Reply with what street it was.    


Looking for TS TG CS, tranny, shemale, sissy, chastity girl - for LTR - m4t



About me: 
Strong, attractive, athletic dominant man from Europe. 
Very educated and have engineer job here in Silicon Valley.
I would like to have experiment in my life - MD relationship with TG.

About you:
1) You must look like real girl, if not - do not text me! 
2) You must be submissive!
3) You must love executing many my fetishes. The two fetish are mandatory:
3.1) You will need wear chastity cage that I will give you. Your orgasm will be mine.
3.2) You should be prepared for a long-term training to expand your anus and frequently wearing a buttplug.

If you satisfy the requirements and you are interested in my offer, text to me for exchanging of additional information and pics.

Daddy ; )    


side to side - m4w






Jamaica me crazy?!

I can't see you actually doing that but it was ironic timing after believing that I had seen you around a place that would put that kind of thing out.  Sorry for the lack of creativity with this but honestly I just really miss you.
I am sorry for any misunderstandings. I never ever intended to be disqualified from your heart. I am tired and stressed and real and just need you but have no expectations. I only care to release these feelings and relax looking ahead and not concerning myself with what I cannot change that is behind us.  One or two may remind me of you but no one honestly compares.    


Christina.... - m4w



I miss our connection... I know it was wrong... but it was so good.. the anticipation.. the naughty emails.. damn.. I miss all of that.. I wish I could send you an email letting you know how bad I want you again.. but it would just cause problems.. thank god for a memory because I think of you often and you dominate it like no woman has...  life moves on.. but what I wouldn't do to steal a few moments with you...  Amazing is too mellow a word to describe you...  I wish I could just know you a little more...  taste you.. a little more.........    


BART - Filipina? on Bart Monday 10ish - m4w



Would you be interested in talking? we looked at each other, but you were sitting to far from me so couldn't say hi    


BV. - w4m



To dream the impossible dream
To fight the unbeatable foe
To bear with unbearable sorrow
To run where the brave dare not go.

To right the unrightable wrong
To be better far than you are
To try when your arms are too weary
To reach the unreachable star

This is my quest, to follow that star,
No matter how hopeless, no matter how far
To be willing to give when there's no more to give
To be willing to die so that honor and justice may live

And I know if I'll only be true to this glorious quest
That my heart will lie peaceful and calm when I'm laid to my rest

And the world will be better for this
That one man scorned and covered with scars
Still strove with his last ounce of courage
To reach the unreachable star.

* * *

Keep fighting that windmill, sweetheart.    


Petco cashier - m4w



Was checking out with you, bought a Phermone thing for my sick cat, and you showed me the cat door stock you had.  You're pretty cute, I like the energy about you.    


Holiday eve - m4w



Holiday eve

I wait for 
Midnight like 
Parents sit in 
48 hour clothes 
Inside 
Hospital 
Waiting rooms
As their 
Nightmare 
Slithers 
Like the 
Sound 
Of decease

I die
Inside you
Just like you
In your
States of undress
Inside
Hotel crime scenes
Until you
Pool the blood
That once 
Ran 
Through
Me
Just like you



You've been on my mind - w4w



This week.
So I want to wish you Happy New Year.

I hope this year is nothing  but Love and Happiness for both of us.    


Re: ...CONFUSED by what you did??



To you and all the other guys in your situation. Let it go. Women are not a scarce resource. There are probably a hundred in your town who you would be compatible with. Look forward, not backward.

When a woman decides it is over it is over. There is no way to persuade her differently. But women know that guys can reject being rejected, and can even become obsessed with getting them back. They rightly fear being injured or even killed by a guy who just doesn't get it. So they will carefully extract themselves from the guy's physical presence, taking care not to rile him up.

So why don't guys take the hint? The kindliest interpretation is that the woman provided him with good feelings, experiences, and emotions, which are now all gone. If he keeps going back to the woman, she logically will now provide negative feelings, experiences, and emotions, to change the mental image he has of her, so that he will move on to another woman who would provide the good feelings, etc.    


alvin met u at city college - w4m



didnt have a good date. i didnt know what i had now i regret not doing enough. i lost connection with u and i regret it i cant get u outta my head please respond to this personal and want a second chance with you and do it better lemme know    


Ani frickin DiFranco - m4w



I wanted to continue that insane spark we had, but you left to take care of your way drunk friend before I had the chance ;)

After the talks, the grabby hands, and the eye tag, I definitely need to see you again!    


Safeway Checker - m4w



To the beautiful Latina checker that I usually see 1-2 times per week, you're beautiful, love your smile and you have a great personality. Thank you for always making my day!    


Married, seeking connection - m4w



Hey there,

Hi, looking to make a new friend! Things and just life in general tend to kind of get "old"  and boring at times, if you know what I mean. Lets chat, lets flirt, lets build and enjoy a friendship together, shall we?

Perhaps you are like myself and missing connection. Let's talk about it and see what happens.

This is a "M for F" post, thank you.    


my very cute neighbor



You are a very attractive woman! We should have drinks (coffee, tea, etc.) Let me know if you are up to it? Would be great to get to know you better. You (we) live in Palm Terrace. I see you sometimes in the parking lot. Our parking spaces are side by side. If are the one respond with the type of car I drive.    


looking for Charlene that I met at the Camp - m4w



I am hoping to find the woman I met at the Camp while visiting my daughter Christine. I was told your name is Charlene. You were walking with Paulina the first time I met you and I couldn't stop thinking about you. I hope to find you so we can get to know each other.    


California Pizza Kitchen - m4w



I was there Sunday the first and you were the young petite Asian gal that sat us. I thought you were stunning and just gorgeous, model material. I was the man wearing the glasses. Being an artist I look and observe everything. I'm old enough to be your dad, but not old enough to recognize beauty, and if you were working there then you were at least 18. I just wanted you to know I noticed. I'd love to take you out for coffee if I actually knew you.    


BART from Walnut Creek - m4m



You were sitting with a friend with your bike, I entered the train in Walnut Creek and you exited at Lafayette station.   We smiled at each other as you left the train, you paused at the top of the stairs, and we saluted each other before the train  departed.   HMU if you want to grab a drink sometime!    


So why are we sill connected! ? - m4w



I'm going to have to start going around Forestville I guess! Every time I drive through town I hear your voice! Wtf! But you're not there, I know that you moved away with JB. Hope you two are happy wherever you went. Honestly that's what I want for you.
So then why do I still feel you G? 
You knew we were both witches, I found this out early on. We both joked, like it was a truthless banter back then.
I was at Armstrong Woods the other day, and I saw your latent image, and lots of your energy tracks. Recent! first I thought sloppy, but you aren't. Intention? And not involuntary by design.
We also passed each other on Hessel recently as I was heading to a clients house.
So you're still close by. 
Making more sense now. 
Our paths are ever closing in, and our crossing is inevitable at this point. 
I hope you are well these days. However I see you in a deeply transitional place in this view, not a bad place at all, just unsettled. 
I do see you continuing your artistic business as before E, but also some personal art styles! Nice! Right? !Z Can you see, hear, feel me too?
I'm single, moved out long ago, living by myself locally.
Just checking. 
Happy New Year! 
Muah! 
H




Your girlfriend doesn't have to know - m4w



I know we just met, and you showed me that cute pic of you and your girlfriend together intimately to fend me off when I asked if I could buy you another drink. Thing is that you did that thing with those gowjus hazel eyes of your's, and then you bit the corner of your lip and looked down, then slowly back up at me through your bangs! 
Aaaaaahhhhh! Damn you! I actually achieved a slight rigidity as a natural response. So I got the vibe that you might be hoping to switch things up real soon. And I'm more than happy to oblige.
I'm going to reserve an Air BnB place the week of the first, near Stumptown, please say you'll join me. 
P.s.  Did you say you liked 9 Inch Nails? I'll have it available. 
You're an Animal!
Muah!



Forestville rocks - m4w



E
Hey you
How've you been?              
Crazy, you're back in my head again! ? Wtf?     
So now I'm back thinkin' bout you......can't help it.         
 I'm just following a charged connection that's still live again for some reason.  
I have no ill feelings between us at all. I'm truly working towards my inner peace. And spiritual place. 
I'm alone now, but in no way lonely in my current situation. We split, she sold her house and moved way north, long ago.
I've seen you in Fowz-ville a couple times during my drives through town recently. 
Howz Maggie?
I'm remodeling a nice little cabin in Guerneville, but as it gets cold, and with probably open walls it'll be super uncomfortable to squat there. So looking for a place to at least sleep and shower.
Know of anything out there?
Thanks! 
T 




Erin & Maggie !!!  * - m4w



Just that I suppose. 
Would love to accompany you sometime on walks at Armstrong. 
I'm in Stumptown now.
H    


Scott - m4m



You were a hot guy, Scott. That fat cock of yours was just beautiful. 

We got interrupted on a Monday night a few weeks ago in the sauna. Tell me where and something you remember about me. Let's meet up there again.



Always - m4w



I miss you :(
Women keep trying to get me, and it's getting harder for me to ignore them :(

That first time we layed eyes
Lookin' over and over again
(Talkin' no matter how late and laughin' away and away)
Was so on a natural high, felt like you always been my best friend
(So happy everyday and - nothin' can tear us away)
You always had a glow, on your face so, you had to be mine yeah yeah yeah
Everyplace we go, holding hands yo, I knew you were mine
That's why you gotta know girl

Always you should know you're my honey
Always you are on my mind
Always you can call on me any 'o day or night oh yeah
No way I'd be shady or frontin'
No way that ain't even my style
What I'm sayin' is always and forever be you and I

For the first time in my life
Feelin' all the love deep within
(Ain't never felt so amazin - hits me in so many ways)
For sure I, would never get by, I need you by my side thick 'n thin yeah
(You lovin' me is like heaven - don't wanna let you go never)
You always had a glow, on your face so, you had to be mine yeah yeah yeah
Everyplace we'd go, holding hands yo, I knew you were mine
That's why you gotta know always girl yeah

Always you should know you're my honey
Always you are on my mind
Always you can call on me any 'o day or night oh yeah
No way I'd be shady or frontin'
No way that ain't even my style
What I'm sayin' is always and forever be you and I

Baby always count'em 365 all days pound'em can I get a witness
Every ounce of my love heavy wit this
Girl we fit just like a glove you my misses
And we got it like that know each other like that
Definitely got each others back, and that's fact (cos' you are my love)
And that's that (my one and only love)

Yo, she makes my heartbeat skipin'
Everyday and everynight straight trippin'
Lovin' so wild wild I'll say it real loud loud
I'll walk hundred miles miles to keep her no doubt doubt
Her eyes her hair her lips
Baby keepin' my body ripped
Lovin' her style style, it steady be wild wild and I'm gonna love her always

Always you should know you're my honey
Always you are on my mind
Always you can call on me any 'o day or night oh yeah
No way I'd be shady or frontin'
No way that ain't even my style
What I'm sayin' is always and forever be you and I    


Edge of Breath



Good morning love whispered my soul
on the very edge of breath
and in that kiss, that moment
all doubts were put to death.

Your fingertips traced my features,
with a gentle flowing sweep,
causing me to shiver
and shake off last nights sleep.

In your eyes am I reflected
and in your words protected
from all harm and pain and fear.

We crouch together wrapped in the moment,
despite envy and doubt and smears.
Every beat is yours. Each breath and sigh,
and will be true until the day I die.





Purple Puffy Jacket, Hall of Justice, Court 25, Jury Duty End of Nov - m4w



Jury Duty November 28th thru the 30th...

Perfect.  Not exotic; not Maxim.  Just Simply Perfect.  

Perfect pale skin.  Perfect round face.  Perfect piercing, blue(?) eyes.  Perfect LONG dark hair, pulled back in a simple ponytail - I spent quite a bit of time just admiring, in awe, at how your ponytail hung down the back of the chair.  You wore a purple puffy jacket.  You would glance over from time to time; every time driving me a little bit crazy.  There was a familiarity about you, like I'd seen you somewhere before.  Out and about?  On social media?  A past life?  I knew from your first glance that there would be great difficulty saying anything to you.  I became a babbling idiot just thinking about trying to squeek out a hi.  I had no problems at all chatting with anyone else.  But you, you did something to me.  Every roll call I tried to discover your name, but never was able to catch you saying, "Here."  You kept to yourself in the hallway, occasionally texting or talking on the phone.  Why can't I do this??  Days one and two were glorious torture.

Then, on day three, I got my chance!  At lunch recess, you passed me on the sidewalk in the rain.  We made brief eye contact again, both making slight, awkward almost-smiles, and then you continued on as I struggled with putting my jacket on while holding my bag and umbrella.  I was kicking myself for not saying hi, when I noticed you just happened to merge with some others from our juror group - two women and a guy - and everyone continued to walk and chat.  Yes!  A group situation - I can do that!  I started walking to catch up.  I was almost to the group - not even 10 feet away, when suddenly the two women broke off in a different direction.  What??  No-  Damnit.  A group situation I can and will do, but not third wheel.  Ugh.  I turned and left.

Sure enough, when you got back from lunch with REI guy, you were best buddies.  For the rest of the day, you both were either chatting in the hall, or whispering back and forth in court.  I still got the occasional glance, but I was crushed.  Disappointed in myself.  Again.  It was close on whether or not we'd have to come in for a fourth day.  I started wanting that fourth day.  Can I fix this?  Can I make it so that /we/ are Jury Buddies tomorrow?  Alas, nope.  Jury chosen and sworn in.  All of the rest of us, Thanks and Dismissed.  You two were out and gone.  When I got outside, I looked everywhere for that purple puffy.  Nothing.  Gone.  Being my own weakest link, I failed again.

Move over Ryan Reynolds, I am now God's perfect idiot.

Her: 5'10", Caucasian, blue(?) eyes, long dark hair, maybe 130ish?, and early 30s.

Universe, give me a second chance?

--Tall Bald    


Breathing...under water - w4m



I built my house by the sea.
Not on the sands, mind you,
not on the shifting sand;
And I built it of rock.

A strong house
by a strong sea.
And we got well acquainted, the sea and I.
Good neighbors.
Not that we spoke much.

We met in silences.
Respectful, keeping our distance,
but looking our thoughts across the fence of sand.
Always, the fence of sand our barrier,
always, the sand between.

And then one day,
-and I still don't know how it happened -
the sea came without warning.

Without welcome, even
Not sudden and swift, but a shifting across the sand like wine.
Less like the flow of water than the flow of blood.
Slow, but coming.
Slow, but flowing like an open wound.

And I thought of flight and I thought of drowning and I thought of death.
And while I thought the sea crept higher, till it reached my door.
And I knew, instantly, there was neither flight, nor death, nor drowning.

When the sea comes calling, you stop being neighbors,
Well acquainted, friendly-at-a-distance neighbors,
And you give your house for a coral castle,
And you learn to breathe underwater.    


u -asian w/  cleft lip, we shared motels few years ago - m4m



First in marin after I picked you up at gg bridge, then in east bay after I picked you up at bart    


Toni, we met briefly new years eve at Uva, you wanted to know my story - m4w



Toni, I noticed you immediately when you sat at the table near me with the two couples you were with.  I really wanted to ask you to dance but wasn't  sure if you were a single and didn't want to offend anyone.  Then as you were leaving you came over to me and asked me what my story was.  Being the shy type I didn't ask for your number as much as I wanted too. 

You said you were from Marin and the couples were your ride. I would love to know more about your story so if fate is with us maybe you will see this posting and get back to me.  I will know it is you if you tell me why I was there.    


Shincha Tea AzN guy - m4m



I came in with another azn guy around 9:00pm and ordered 2 milk teas along with my friends. 

You're wearing a button up shirt with a blue Irvine shirt under. 

We really thought you're cute but did the want to embarrasse you in front of your co-workers, nor do we know if you're gay, but if you are feeling free to reply back.    


iT's A nEW yEAr/ Undefined Relatioships - w4m



Again/So here's my idea: let's all stop being little fucks. Respect other people enough to tell them the truth. If someone makes you happy, tell them. If someone inspires you, tell them. If you're not interested in someone, please just fucking tell them. Don't ignore people until they disappear. It's time we grow up and stop leaving people hanging with unanswered texts, ghosting. Everyone is human and we're all just trying to understand one another in this messy dating world, so stop treating a relationship of any kind like it's a challenge to complete. Be honest with other people about how you feel, and don't get so lost in playing the game that you forget to extend that same courtesy to yourself. So there you have it. Try again while you have a chance.    


I was passed out when you were calling - m4w
Zack in Uber Pool - w4m



We shared an uber pool. You live in NYC and were staying with your sister in Cow Hollow. You had been to the Justice show at the Armory. I know we only chatted on and off during the ride and don't know much about each other, but for some reason the universe has me thinking about you. I wish I would have asked you to continue the conversation last night. Let me know if you'd like to chat and get to know each other.

Share any details you might remember, like my name, where the uber picked me up last night, etc. so I can confirm it's you.

Happy new year :)    


The we that used to be - m4w



Guess Where
There was this one place
 38.Four three six five four four with a dash and then 123. one two one five six four.

Then we stopped here
38.five one three eight two six with a dash and then 122.Nine eight three five zero zero

Maybe my favorite
 38.Six five four eight six four with a dash and then 122.nine three one seven eight two

Good and bad memories here
 38.four seven five oh one oh with a dash and then 122.seven three two nine three nine

By far the fan favorite
38.four six oh oh five four with a dash and then 122.seven seven one one nine 95

This was a first for you - can you remember of what?
38.three one four two eight six with a dash and then 122.seven three five six five three

Our spot - then not
38.260eight nine five with a dash and then 122.662two four six

Where it all began
38.529five seven four with a dash and then 122.756seven two four    


Expired Coconut oil - m4ww



I recently JOed with coconut oil. The greasy roughness of my palms gave me a tropical contact high. I fell back into a deep sleep, my genitals glissening with grease. When I woke up my bebis was swollen. It was so hot. I looked like I had used one of the European love pumps. The bottom of the coconut oil said it had expired months ago. I'm on the swol patrol. Any thoughts on why I had a swell time?    


Ocean Beach Runner - w4m



Your confident smile caught me off guard and totally made my 2017.

You were wearing a green shirt and black shorts, brown hair. 

I was phone obsessed then distracted when my friend not so shyly said something.    


Equinox Palo Alto - m4m



I go to equinox a few times a week and always see the hottest guys. I'm 22, white, smooth, thin, submissive...

Hit me up if you're a member too. Only into muscular types.




NYE Lyft driver Tom in Dodge Ram - m4m



You picked us up in your Dodge Ram on 16th and took us to 20th and Eureka. Three guys, and I was the bigger guy that sat up front. We talked about your height being 6'8. Not sure which team you play for, but if you want to grab a coffee or beer sometime, just let me know.    


We made out at white horse on Friday - m4m



You and I met in the bathroom and then made out on the dance floor at white horse for quite a while. I lost track of you because I needed to check on a friend and left for a minute. Tell me your name in the reply. You said you were from Vallejo CA but your license (we compared our IDs) said a different state. We were both born in '78.  

Would be great to connect again. You're such a great kisser and that was so fun. :)    


One day of fun... - w4w



I know nothing will probably come of this..

But one day my babe and I met a girl for some fun. We shared drinks, herbs, and then I got to go down on you. 

He says you've emailed again to hook up, but he didn't think I was down since I haven't mentioned it again.

If you see this and are interested, hit me up. I'd love to taste you all over again.    


Renaissance Sport Club - m4m



Sat near you in steamsroom Sunday NY day.  You hairless young guy with nice toned body.  We were both in the same locker aisle and we shared a few glances. Interested in NSA play?    


Graton NYM - m4w



We were playing poker last night/this morning, sitting directly across from each other. I was at the last table you sat and played at before you called it a night around 3 am. I really wanted to talk to you and then that dude showed up ha. You are beautiful and seem like a sweet heart, definitely too good for whoever that was. Think you know that too. It could just be wishful thinking or maybe it was the alcohol but you kinda seemed interested... maybe? :) Doubt you'll see this but you're worth more than a shot in the dark. If you do and are interested in exchanging numbers, send me a pic or describe what I looked like or anything that happened while we were playing so I know its you and I can send you my mine :)    


Hot Guy at 24 HR - m4m



Saw you working out today...hot latino.
Chin hair, tatts (one on back of neck, last name?)
Not sure if you were trying to make eye contact...saw you looking.
Let me know if interested.
You were there at around 12:30 today.    


Doctor - m4m



Had gone for an erection problem but just came to cum in doc room. What hospital? I was pretty overweight, you didn't seem to mind. Couldn't get hard with the lady doc but for you anytime    


NYE-Should Have Said Hello at the Saloon - w4m



You: Suit, sexy, bald, with friends. Me: Sitting next to you smoldering. Tell me what I was drinking.    


PF Hispanic guy - m4m



Handsome hispanic guy late 20s/early 30s, taller/thinner, who works out evenings and weekends with black/orange shoes, we've exchanged a few glances. We should workout sometime, hit me up    


Ms. AJB - m4w



Excuse me, for crossing what line? Your situation with zak  the horses a** who would rather live in Berkeley with his roommate, so he can keep you from finding out about the other women he sees. The wool over your eyes is thick. Ever since we met at the produce company we worked at together I had to be the answer guy... and step up for you with your own customer 's... I may have volunteered for looking out for you at work but after watching how zak treated you at our company party I knew you needed looking after in your personal life as well. Since I (forced to) quit the company we were at I was on the outside looking in when I contacted you and you said your in the same situation as you called it..... which I assume is looking bleak  so I asked to meet for coffee.... for no reason you cut me off . Even as platonic friends.... even your friend that got you the sales job is looking out for himself more than you. I looked out for you more than you know.... so you blocked me  on facebook and accused me  of crossing a line that didn't exist. You highly over reacted and passed ignorant judgement without all the facts and the whole story. When he hurts you you'll see I was right... just like the company you work for is slowly failing. Till then!!

-BB    


you said your name was barake - m4w



It was great to meet you last nigh and welcome the new year at the bar you where having so much fun but suddenly you left and i didn't had the chance to ask for your number I heard your friends saying you left because you got stoned, but hey would you like to go out another time for a drink or coffe    


Discreet Affair? - w4m



Found this ad and didn't get to answer it.  If it's you, let me know what the picture was like that was attached to it.  Thanks.  Was posted on Dec. 30.  I'm hoping it is the person I'm looking for and lost contact with.



Looking for a sexy lady for some discreet NSA weekend fun. Can host at nice hotel downtown San Jose this weekend or your place is great too. Maybe meet for coffee or lunch. here for work - do travel here fairly often. Maybe an ongoing thing? Let's chat soon. MWM 50ish guy 6' 170. Very clean, safe and sane. Expect the same. pics to share. 
do NOT contact me with unsolicited services or offers



We talked while I was getting my nails done - t4w



We talked for awhile my wife had dropped me off to get my nails done I explained that she is feminizing me and that she has a boyfriend you were very nice it's been hard to make friends do the my feminization you're at all interested in talking and being a friend I would love that    


Kimberley where are you? - m4w



You used to live in Benicia, now I heard you moved in Antioch area.  Hope you find this and email me back.  Happy New Year!    


Foreign Cinema Friday night - m4m



You are the younger guy with the buzzed head in Foreign Cinema around 10-10:30pm Friday night.  You joined another guy who was already seated near the fire place when you arrived.  You both only stayed a short time.  I was seated near you and was trying to figure out the dynamic.  

Anyway, thought you were hot.  I think I caught your eye a couple times before you both left.

I'm curious... and interested. Please get back to me with something about you, or a pic if you think this was you... and you're curious too.




Looking for Lydia - w4w



To the girl that hit on me last night at splash.. I totally didn't even realize I was in a gay bar lol. I'd never been to San Jose and I think you're really hot.. So if you're reading this please respond (:    


NYE at Shboom - Blue Dress w/ Gorgeous Eyes - m4w



We danced together and I left abruptly with my brother-in-law and sister...I failed to get your number.  I'm the hottie in black...    


I still think of you,too! - w4w



I enjoyed reading your post the other day... such a shame you pulled it off so i cant re-read it again. I have missed you as well and you have been on my 
mind, too, E. I agree... the way we connected, touched, kissed, and well... you know... so intense and passionate. I can still see that look in your eyes when you were... well, again, you know... to kiss you at the stroke of midnight on NYE... so amazing... so hot! I miss you...    


Twin Peaks Sunrise - m4w



I hope the view was what you hoped it would be and that your new year is off to a great start.

You carried with you a rose and another object that you can tell me for verification.

You were very beautiful. I was a little intimidated by your social status. I also am not the type to hover on a stranger.

Had we had more time to chat I would have asked for your contact info if we knew a little more about each other. 

I'm writing this now so of course I wish I had but not at the expense of my dignity or your comfort. I did the right thing - or did I?

At any rate, you should know that you are not the type that I could think of casually. I would want to get to know you and date to see if we fall in love.

Those special activities are really a very small part of me. What I really want is a family with children and a household full of love.

Happy New Year!




black beauty basketball fan santa cruz 24 hr gym - m4m



We were in the weight room and you had your headphones on and a white tee. I asked if you could spot me and you didn't hesitate. Your silky black skin held the bar and I noticed your bulge slightly growing. Before that evening I had never been with a black man before but there you were just as horny as I was. You were coy and I was too..I pulled the crotch part out of my balls of my short shorts because they were riding up and slightly touched your hand with my moist fingers as you spotted me, holding the bar with a firm grip. You didn't notice but I wanted to know that potentially there would be a chance you would adjust yourself or touch your face before washing your hands. You did and you didn't have a clue how hot that made me. I could tell that you felt a little shame in making eye contact with me but it didn't matter. This wasn't my first rodeo with a straight guy. You asked me where I live and I said Watsonville. You asked me why I come to 24 to work out and of course I didn't want to come right out and tell you that the guys are so much hotter here..I grew up around a ton of Mexican guys and being one myself, it kind of gets old..I simply told you that 'the machines are better than Gold's gym..'
You told me you had just moved here and wanted to know if I knew of a good place to watch basketball and have a beer. Of course I know nothing about sports but my roommate has a huge TV and he loves The Warriors and recorded the earlier game you had missed, so I invited you back to my place and you obliged. We both went into the locker room and didn't shower, just switched out shirts. I didn't want you to think I was looking and I hardly did. We both dressed quickly and you followed me back to Watsonville. The adrenaline was pumping and my cock was hard as a rock as I drove and you followed. 
Was I actually going to get with a black guy for the first time? 
An extremely athletic, cut, young and hung black man?!

You parked in front of my house and I forgot that I didn't have beer, I only had Tito's Vodka and diet cranberry juice. You didn't seem to mind and played it cool. I poured you I an extra stiff one and we sat alone in the dark on my leather couch watching Curry and The Warriors work their magic. I slipped and said that I thought Curry was kind of cute. You looked at me with your deep, sexy, African eyes and to my surprise you said you did too. 
There was a long pause...You looked at me and asked what I had been waiting for:
"Have you ever been with a black man?"
I was blushing but thank God it was dark and the only light was the reflection of the game in our eyes from the giant television and the streetlight from the sidewalk way outside my window.
...No, I haven't..
"I haven't been with a Mexican guy. I've actually only been with women. I just got out of a long relationship with my ex and now I'm playin'." 
We both laughed and I could feel my heart racing as I let it out: 
...Have you been experimenting?..
Another pause.. 
Curry makes another three and the blowout continues..

We had been drinking alot and I was tipsy enough to have the courage to lean into you. 
You grabbed my head and pushed it down to your gym shorts. I pulled your pants off and began to suck your big cock. It wasn't even hard yet. I couldn't believe I had you in my mouth. Your virginity to another man is me! Was me! I'm forever going to be your first!
I sucked and sucked and you sat back and moaned with pleasure as I began licking and fingering your asshole while jacking your shaft. I stood up and you flipped me around, spit on your long fingers and pushed them in my tight asshole. You slapped my ass and put your fingers in my mouth as your cock pushed my little balls up from behind. I wanted you in me. You cupped my penis and balls like a small baseball and then dug your veiny, black, sweaty cock inside of me. I was in so much pain but it felt so good to have you dominating me. 
You pounded me in the living room and my heart raced with pleasure and a little fear of my roommate coming home early from his late night bartending job. I didn't want him to know your secret. You turned me back around, lightly slapped my face and jammed your big, black cock down my throat. Tears fell from my eyes. I've never had a cock that far down my throat and you pushed my thick black head of hair back, took my shirt off and slammed it back in me.
You grabbed my mouth again and scratched down my smooth back and screamed: "I'M CUMMING!" 
You moaned and moaned and finally released every last hot drop of your cum in my asshole. We both stopped moving and felt the squishy slime between us and of course, I began to cry. You pulled out and asked where the bathroom was. I could hear you urinating a thick stream with the door open. I curled up on the couch hoping to cuddle but you just put on your clothes, grabbed your car keys and left in shame. 
I never got your name. I want to do this again if you want to. If you see me at the gym please don't feel ashamed or embarrassed. Please just say hi to me.    


To not improving - w4m



I feel for you I totally understand what you're going through and I bet that she would love to hear from you I know it's hard and I know how hard it must be to think about facing her but if I were you I would try to do anything I could to try to talk to her try to make things right I bet she wants the same thing too to do whatever it takes to make things right with you you both have feelings for each other and that's something that no matter what happens can be tooken away now you both are hurting you both wouldn't be hurting if you didn't care about each other I'm sure she blames herself too it's a new year and the only thing I could say is just try it's better than suffering and I'm sure she's suffering too I wish you the best just like you wish the best for her please try for her sake not for you before her I'm sure she needs it more than anything good luck to you    


Frog's Dark haired hunk - m4m



Saturday Dec.31 around 5. You seemed shy. Saw you in sauna and tub.
Heard you did enjoy from a buddy of mine.
Interested in doing more?    


Impossible man, I wish you could see what I really am. - w4m



Impossible is a word I heard many times.
It was inescapable. "That's impossible,it couldn't happen!" 
It did. I made it happen. I was the impossible.
Theory, relativity and numbers were my tools.
I had overcome so much just to be with you.
I never let you see the other side of me.
The Wonder of me is the hidden hurt.

I wanted you to know my heart. The real me, beyond the pain and judgement.
You started to be like Alice in wonderland. You saw through my dream.
I dreamed you could accept me as my imperfect self that had just simply survived.
Torment, pain, torture, and torment were all my friends. 
All around me said I was but a joke. They said I was a failure.
They called me every name in the book but my name.
Hence, why I used to say with lavish satire, "Call me anything but late for dinner." 
See, even though they called me those things, I still fed them their cake. 
Marie Antoinette said it best. "I wasn't raised, I was built." 

So too was I built to be the reaction and reflection of all they had done to me.
They didn't want to see their brush and paint walking around as a masterpiece.
They wanted to tick away at the statue more and more until it became unrecognizable. 
You get what I mean. They were never satisfied. No amount of paint or pummel worked.
They constantly made me and remade me and built me over and over until I crumbled.
One ill fated hammer throw and I was but dust. Impossible man, you were Thor.

Built my walls of glass for viewing I did.
Made an entire illusion to please you and keep you from knowing the truth.
I committed the worst thing I could have done as a human. 
I designed myself to be better than I was to be "good enough" to even face you.
I hid my pain, I pushed it aside, I got "better" for the dream of you.
I wanted us to be one. I wanted us to be able to say my pain was a road bump.
Instead, you got it stuck in your head that it was a mountain and indeed impassible.
You made your mind a mire of Donner and their party and slayed every good thought.
I watched in horror as you ebbed and poured blood from wounds never needed.
I may have made my walls of glass, but I never froze you out.
I wasn't an ice queen to you, just those that held little to no importance in my gaze.

You didn't have the looking glass, you couldn't see beyond the facade. 
Like Alice when she awoke in her sister's lap, I listened to your conjecture and lecture.
You kept telling me how fanciful all my thoughts were, how impossible they were to believe.
I even tried to "Ocham's Razor" you into the belief that things were NOT and never will be. 
-sighs- You STILL persisted and told me I wasn't that smart, there wasn't a way.
I gave you a coin that day. I said to think of me when you hold it.

I deliberately gave you a coin with a hole in the middle. 
I deliberately gave you my most beloved thing. 
That coin, saved my grandfather's life.
It was shot through, and the bullet stuck. 
Long ago, he had the bullet pulled out and strung on a necklace. 
The coin became but a metal thing. 
It is the very symbol of that impossible thing you talked of.
A coin saved a life. Now you tell me it is impossible.
Tell me how it couldn't happen. You hold it's very value. 
My granddad died when I was five. That coin was a token of luck and love.
In essence, I gave you all my impossible belief and told you I gave you the credit.
That coin was passage to my heart and through my fog of pain.
It meant I trusted you enough to show you the real me and not the bullshit facade.

I cast that to the swine everyday to give them no pearls to reap and sew upon my flesh. 
I wanted to stop the stitching of labels and lines of distrust. I wanted to draw my own tapestry.
You wove yourself into it so much, you just didn't see. Imagine being color blind. 
You GAVE me definition of color. You SHOWED me shades of gray could be beautiful.
Black and white no longer ruled my life and only you will know what I mean. 
I only called you impossible because I never thought I would be able to truly see. 
I was treading water in a very deep pool of pain and very nearly drowning. 
Then, you came along and plunged yourself in headlong.
You dove under me and lifted me out of the ice and fell into the undertow for me.
I pulled you out and pushed you away and told you to leave my vortex of pain.
It was too much for even me and I had built it.  I had pulled you into my mire.

I wanted to be your muse, not the reason for your pain. 
You kept getting reminded every day of a mistake you made. 
Once you owned it, I had to let you go. I was NOONE'S mistake.
My mother said that to me all the time. "You are nothing but a mistake and shouldn't exist." 
So, I fought back my demons of my pain thinking you embodied them.
For that, I am sorry. I had to become a thorn and prick you to let you realize it hurt too.
You would never guess how diabetes was first tested. "A prick of a thorn does a doctor warn." 

Oh, and I am proud to be "bat shit" crazy. It was an impossible thing to believe time could stop.
Bat shit is Botox. LMAO so to call me crazy for that, well, I guess you can see. 
Even the shit and mire in life makes medicine. So does pain. That is why they say what they do.
"Beauty is pain." It means despite the pain, you can see beauty in those things beside it.
Without the pain, you can't define the beauty and things that are worth it in life.
So, while you thought I was depressed and tearing you down, I was building you up too.
I was showing you my "alien" thought as I was NOT like ANY human in existance. 
I agreed, EVERYONE was right. Ocham's Razor proved the theory of everything.
Who am I to argue your thoughts? They are yours and generated for such a purpose as to live.
-smiles- See you around, Impossible. 
Sincerely, 
"Alien"    


NYE Whole Food - m4w



I saw you shopping and was inpired to write you a thanks for such a great smile! You have dark hair, oval plastic-framed glasses, and were wearing black pants, grey sweater, ankle boots, and carried a black, vertical shoulder bag. I first saw you in the butcher area while I was browsing wine, waiting for a seafood pickup. Then again in produce a few times, finally you were in the line behind me.

You were so lovely that I couldn't take my eyes off you. Your smile and eyes, beautiful and I thought about you all night. Not in a weird way, but more like the impression a blue moon or meteor shower might make, beautiful and fleeting.Thank you for a very memorable New Year's Eve!



You tried to dance with me at The Night Light - w4m



I was wearing leggings, a silver scrunched up skirt and a Leaky Cauldron tank top. You had encouraged me up onto the stage to dance and I think shortly after had tried to come dance with me, but maybe were too shy? 

You seemed nice, so I thought I'd give this a shot and see if it finds you :) 

Let me know what you were wearing and how I first interacted with you if you message me!    


Guy in the hot seat, Fusion Fitness sauna - m4m



Saturday, December 31.  Sure would like to spend some time with you.  You are a total turn on.  Single guy here and I live alone if you are at all interested.  And I can send a face pic if you don't remember me.  Thanks.    


I was wrong... - w4m



Hard to believe that I was wrong.

Love flowed from me to you
It never flowed in reverse
Feeligs so strong...not returned...
Confusing 

But sadly, regretfully true
2 years later...my feelings are unchanged
Just a grim acceptance I was wrong
in thinking you'll one day accept the truth - 
your heart belonged to me
as mine belonged to you

A love so strong there was no doubt 
would one day be returned
I now accept the truth 
Though you touched my heart,
It wasn't the same at all for you

Being wrong has humbled me 
And made me strong at the same time.
I found that my love for you stands true
unchanged with time or indiffence from you

Loving you enlighted my soul
with a piercing light
It defined my life

Strong is my love for you tho' I find 
I no longer dream of seeing you
Of holding you or looking into your eyes
I have no regrets. 

You changed my life

Since I can't say the words in person,
I'll say it here instead.

I love you
Uncomfortable but true
I wish only the very best for you

Happy New Year 



U are from Boston, you're an electrician, name starts with J - m4m



You came to my parents house on New Years Eve Day. Smoke detectors were exchanged. 

While my dad is talking and you're working I was lookin at your package. You're fuckin hot! I KNOW u have a big Dick. Let's kick it. I wanna suck that big white Dick!!!!    


MOMA NYE- Connor's felt tip pen - m4w



An hour before closing- you were in reverse chronology and our paths collided in the felt tip pen room. Your excitement was infectious. "Look close, step back".  We shared a thrilling art moment.
Let's relive that...    


Too much hops - m4w



Walking home tonight after work, my eyes didn't dry, feet kept me forward, and I breathed gelatinous air.

I want more than coddling, and wet nursing. My needs are important to you, a valiant companion.

Tonight I feel like ibuprofen.
My ego is ripping itself to shreds. 
When I am this way, and you who does not know me hears, what can I say? 
How can I keep from singing?    


U.B. femininity all a-ferment - m4w



.
.

Ert Nela Nela

S'mork hraa tagomphus,
Ooo, te wili-wili f'deeb
Gahoo d' fareethra,
Ma ta rimpe e poneeb
Ostrella ferlanka,
Tmeez ada hufa, gous
Empasta kranka
B'tizle empuda-bous!

.

(forgive my clumsy transliteration; your people speak the most fucked up language around)!


--Orlon the Pestiferous    


Elizabeth at Harmonia you vanished! - m4w



please reappear! had i any idea that saying good bye to friends leaving the party would leave me turning around to see you completely gone. i know you told me of sundays dance but i cant make it. i'd like to please be in touch with you if i may. hit me back i think i have an insatiable infatuation for you...    


Lookout new year's eve - m4w



You were dancing with some guy. I was outside. We made eyes. Many times . We were made for each other?    


Missing most tonight - m4w



Alone, in the wee hours of the night.  I miss the connection which was always you, always there, until she had me burn the bridge.  The connection, the understanding, the familiarity and god damn the arousal that existed even though this was all ever virtual.  I miss it sorely, late quite nights it haunts me.  Thank you for the fondness you left in my heart.  I cherish your efforts even today.    


Calvin in Lyft ride from Sleater-Kinney - w4m



We shared a Lyft line home from Sleater-Kinney and talked the entire ride. You have a super warm presence about you and the conversation was great. Would love to continue talking music over coffee or a drink sometime.

If you're interested, drop me a note. Tell me our mutual favorite spot to sit at the Fox and I'll know it's you.

Happy New Year :)    


Cute blonde girl from Wisconsin, SFO Terminal, 12/30 - m4w
Ocean beach new years - m4m



I parked next to you at ocean beach tonight. You were in a white pick up with friends. Was not expecting you to talk to me but your small talk was cute. You seem like a down to earth guy i could get along with. We talked about hoping to be fireworks there. You asked if i was single. Friends or hopefully more (you were hella cute) sorry i usually am not that shy. But if you see this..let me know what color or kind of car i was driving. Hope to chat with you soon:)    


One fucked up thing to do - m4w



If anyone has a more fucked up story than the one I have today I would love to hear it. God knows it might actually help. So a week or two ago I caught my wife hanging out with another man at the house late at night the whole week and a half shes telling me that she loves me and we have problems but were going to fix them and all that, she wants me to show her and show her action in all this and she keeps telling me that this guy was just a friend. Right just a friend. Well this morning when I woke up I left the house she drove me to the gas station because my car broke down in front of the house last night. Anyways when we got back I put gas in my car I left the house and when I left the house she proceeded to tell me that she was filing divorce paperwork on Monday and she no longer wanted to see me and that she was going to spend the New years with another man the one she called just a friend. My wife decided to tell me that she no longer loves me and no longer wanted to be married to me after making love to me last night and telling me she loves me and loves feeling her skin against mine and all this stuff she decided to text me and tell me she was divorcing me when I asked her to please call me and if thats the route you want to go down to just talk to me and tell me, and please not do it through a text message she refused like a child and would only text it to me.SO YES MY WIFE LEFT ME FOR ANOTHER MAN ON NEW YEARS THROUGH A TEXT.
Please anyone tell me if Im crazy or not but that has got to be the most fucked-up shit in the world. And on top of that she knows my feelings for her and how much I loved her.

IF ANY ONE REPLY'S FUCK iT POST THE REPLAY TO CRAIGS LIST MAYBE SHE WILL SEE HOW FUCKED THAT IS AND NOT DO SHIT LIKE THIS TO HER NEW GUY



Fuck this I'm going to the city    


New Years 2015 Albatross Blue Hair - w4w



Greetings !  Thought i would send this into the ether mainly as a thank-you. At New Years 2015 i was at th Albatross in Berkeley wearing blue hair hanging out eating popcorn like you do & as i remember it you were playing a table-top game w some people most of the eve and had very fetching earrings on and a lace mesh top of sorts  ~ ~ anyways at around midnight you came over & asked if i would give you a kiss for newyears which was rlly sweet. i was definitely up for it but i was there right next to my brother & then fiance so i just panicked and said "umm maybe not ??" Always knew i was bi but wasn't out & didnt know yet that im nonbinary ~ just want to apologize for being a bit weird about it and say thank you because it's a fond memory and was sort of a important juncture on the queer journey that happened a few months. P.S. as it happens i'll be back at th Albatross this evening so that'd be an lovely / amusing coincidence if you happened to be there as well 2 years later. In that incredibly unlikely event im now available to make out if you're still interested ! Take care & be well & happy new year **** )* ** ***    


Happy New Year - m4w





I hope the new year brings you the things that will make you truly happy. Not just for the short term, but for the rest of your life.    


special day... - m4w



The evening plans are in place and should be great!
Problem is that I truly can't stop thinking about you "lover".. Baby, I'm sorry. Its true. Guess, I will have to keep it to myself tonite. OP won't know.. Miss those lips!
Cheers,toast for the memories.    


Big booty and breasted girl at Matrix casino - m4w



You were at Matrix on friday night on dec 30 getting a drink with some guys you just met from out of town. You had tatoos and a nice rack and best ass i have ever seen. You are so sexy. I would love to meet you again and see what magic we can create.    


Met at Jullian's - Rousey should kill herself - w4m



We met at the fight last night then went to the view bar. I though you were really cute and funny. I'd like to go on a date even though you live in SB, I'm in LA all the time. I'm the preschool teacher/financial analyst/tai chi instructor. Your name starts with M. I'm 99.9% sure this won't work, but what the hell. Please do not respond if you are not the person I'm talking about.    


HNY - w4m



Wishing you all the best, for a truly Happy New Year.

May we walk one day side by side.

May we talk and laugh as young lovers do.

When you find the one your heart won't let go of. Never give up. Fight for them.

Be well.    


Met at 6 Flags on New Years eve - w4m



We met today at the dolphin show at 6 flags. We both had our kids but clearly we had some sparks in the conversation we had. Message me if this is you, I know it's a long shot. Disclaimer: I would never normally post like this but I'm unsure how else to find this person. He and I had a specific convo I'll be asking about just to make sure the person who messages me is actually him. Thanks!!    


transexual thats pretty and needy - t4m



hello california boys.rashawns my name pn)nine-four-three-seventy-nine-ten.i am a transexual who has started her own business.and i am in need of all sexy men 18-60 that needs.the company of a 5;5,160 pounds,deep brown eyes,athletic thick body figure,black hair,honest,outgoing,friendly,not judgemental and has a great love for himself.if you need a new year baby hit me up it will be a delight to meet new men.thank you.    


The gym



Saturday 12/31 around 12 noon older muscular balding wm wearing black knee braces you are looking good. Happy New Year.    


I want your body! - m4w



Sometimes i feel like such a pirate when i see you....I want that boooty;) lol all jokes aside your booty shaking infront of me doesnt help my situation.wish I could kiss every inch of your body, then naww on that booty like a steak.For the record you make me horny baby;)    


Kate + 2 x Grace at Slims on Friday - m4w



Lost track of you guys during the encore. Waited by the exit but never saw you. Kate, want to hang out sometime? 

- Steve    


Met you outside Make-Out Room (Mission D) - m4w



This is pretty pointless I'm sure. But, I was outside Make-Out Room smoking, you asked me for a cig. We talked for like five minutes before your friend came out and mine wanted to go back inside. Should have asked for your #...if you're as weird as me and see this, hit me up. Noice meetin ya, Lara.    


remember me? the light of your life? - w4m



decades of near misses and bad timing, tangled stars and small, wounded, interfering hearts mislaid the breadcrumbs and rose petals you were supposed to leave, well-placed and languidly trailing, to your glorious, beckoning, expectant, well-marked door.

The trail's grown long cold, though, my love.  I've lost sight of you, nurse my own now wounded, weary, clouded heart, scoff at rumors of your continued presence on the planet.  Are you even alive?  I have heard nothing from you, and silently resign myself to your truncated finality.  I've lost my way, love. Oh just to see your face, feel your breath - I'm tired, and faltering, and need you now, it feels more than ever.  after years apart, the urgency of you is overpowering.

I am putting this message in a bottle and setting it adrift on the currents; in one of the more unexpected places, that is from where I am calling to you, pleading with you to return to me, please my love, please find me again soon.  I will reward you with an undying, dewy-eyed adoration that is startling in it's unabashed brilliance - my star burns hot for you; without, it's all a scratchy, ill-fitting shade of beige.

I love you.  

I love you, I love you, I love you.    


I still wonder



What was the coin all about? That was one of the strangest things. You never shared any words on that subject. Please tell what you thought it was about.    


Travis AFB gym - m4m



This morning at the gym there was obviously an interest I think.  We waved and smiled and I think you are very handsome.  If interested and you see this drop me a line and tell me something that would let me know it's you :)    


Tapestry - m4w



A tapestry covers the walls of my mind, and its patterns tell the stories of my dreams.  

In one section, the tapestry looks perfect, with bright clear lines and vivid pictures, and it will remain forever so because those dreams did indeed come to pass.  Other dreams will never transpire, no matter how badly I want them to, and those sections have begun to fade and grow threadbare.  Other dreams linger on and remain possibilities, and that section is still bright, the colors as hopeful today as the day they were conceived. And finally, there is a corner completely missing, yet to be filled with those new dreams still unimagined.

As the years pass, the missing corner grows smaller, and the faded section creeps slowly outward, ever expanding to gray out space in the realm of remaining possibilities.  But what of those dreams that lie near this boundary now, in that precarious zone between the never-will-be and the one-day-still-might-be?  Sometimes I stare inwardly and very hard at this portion of the tapestry and what I see is that the colors remain bright but the threads begin to pull apart.  I think the color must represent My Hope, and the tightness of the threads must represent My Belief.  And at times, my hope is strong, but my belief is weakening underneath. 

I wonder now as we enter another New Year, whether I can somehow pull tight the threads of my belief, to give the potential in my dreams the best chance to be realized? And I wonder again, that while I am the sole proprietor of my own dreams, none of them depend on just me; they depend on other people, they depend on environment, they depend on the grace of God, they depend on health, they depend on luck.  So that even if I found absolute belief in myself, somehow, none of my dreams could ever be secured by that alone. That other uncontrollable place is where my uncertainty resides. 

In the spirit of resolutions, I now tell myself this: that the thing I believe in most, as hard as it sometimes is, is in the power of Love. So that is where I will place my belief on all the things I cannot control. And I will try my best to live my life with an outbound and patient kind of love, expecting of nothing in return, but wishing I might be granted a break now and then. 

I have often wondered whether I am somewhere on your tapestry, and if I am, what part of it I inhabit? You of course are featured prominently on mine in an area that has a permanent brilliance, but threads beginning to separate.

I hope that what you feel in me someday is the power of my love. And I hope that it draws you to me. So that our two separate tapestries might be combined into a single larger one, with a relatively smaller faded region, and a much bigger open corner. So many of my dreams would be enabled by your deep understanding of me, and the love we would share in the time that we have. And I know that yours would be too.

I have missed you beyond all reason.

Much love, truly felt, 
Happy New Year

-****    


My Sweet Pepper - m4w



Hope you are taking care of yourself and being good to yourself.

Daddy misses cum filling you....    


Novella - m4w



We stole glances at each other with sweetened smiles. Let's continue it. I hope you find this.    


hindsight



ur both cruel & calloused. greedy & selfish. liars & cheaters. backstabbers & thieves. u get ahead by victimizing others.

u fancy urselves alphas & mirror each other perfectly. ur reflection is narcissistic & ugly. inside & out. u will always b together.    


To the three sexy latinas next to me at the Brit - m4w



Last night. All of you were so beautiful. It's nice to know some girls still enjoy watching fights. Nice booty and faces on all of you. One of you kept rubbing onto to me which felt good. It wasn't intentional, it was crowded and it's ok. And to the other big titty gal. Holler!    


RE A love poem - m4w



RE A Love Poem

Ramblings of a love poem.

It's been so long.
And while I'll admit that that i try to not think of you, i always succumb to searching for you.  
maybe searching isn't the best choice of words. . . but, you frequent my thoughts from time to time.

The second hands on the clock. . . tick tock tick tock. . . it never fucking stops.

I do everything i can to try and forget those times.  
Not to say it was all horrible, but there were plenty of horrible times. . . 
Many mistakes. . . So many fucking mistakes. 

Undoubtedly, in a large part, i am to blame.  
Maybe it was the jealously, 
maybe it's the pain
maybe because i tried to be the same. . .

I tried to be the same as you.  But i realized after it was over, that I can never be blue.

Only Brown.

Thoughts of you still linger on my mind.  
No closure. 
No goodbyes.
Just long distance silences and whispering 'why's.'

Like, why did I commit to this situation?  It was doomed from the start, was it not? 
Idk, maybe I'm just cynical now.  
A broken, small man with even smaller hope. 

I've spent many nights and days contemplating my worth in this life.  Sadly, i've realized that this is a life of mere existence. This. . . This is not living.

Am i being too abstract?

Time is a weird thing ins't?

The experiences we had- the laughs, the mistakes, the deception. . . these things shaped who we chose to become.  I'd be curious to know who you became?  You're truly a magical person.  I'm convinced you're an alien.  You freaked me out that one day.  Maybe that's why i still feel the pull from you. . . it's your alien powers. 

Our time apart has made me lonely. . . which translates into soul searching. Searching for what it is like to be devoid of human touch or affection.  You were the person I wanted to be with. . . I guess I put too much stock in that gamble.  WH Auden said wonderfully, "I thought love would last forever, I was wrong."  

I was wrong.

I've had experiences within our time apartment that made me believe that, we are not defined by our past.  
We are completely different people, I recognize that now.  In addition, who we were then is not the same people that we have become today.
While we both wanted similar thinngs, I guess we just needed different mediums to grow in, kind of like different plants.  

I'm so sorry for trying to not let you be you.  To mold you into what I wanted you to be. . . that was never your nature.  I regret ever asking you to be with me.  They say we shouldn't live with regrets. . . but i say that's absolutely impossible.  My regret is a constant reminder that complacency gets you no where, right?  And that lies only compound lies. . . and i realize i'll never get absolute truth. 

You were always better off on your own. . . being free.  You weren't meant to be locked up and restrained.  That's what makes you so fucking beautiful.  You were always so motivating.  I truly miss your energy and presence. 

I wish i would've savored the times we had together longer.
your touch. 
your gaze.
your art.
your voice.
These things I frequent in my thoughts.  

Admittedly, these are memories that I have trouble recalling.  They're so much less tangible now then they used to be.  time is funny in that way...

Maybe it's bitterness, maybe it's the exhaustion, maybe it's the age. . . whatever it is, I don't wanna do this anymore.  I still feel you too. . . your alien draw is what it must be.  Part of me still naively thinks I'll meet you again. . . in some place or time.  But I wouldnt even know what to say to you if that moment occurred. I guess it's meant only to be whimsical thought.

Unfortunately, I've lost the creative fire i used to have and can no longer express myself in a poetic way.  This muscle hasn't worked in a long time. . . it's a fire that has all been fanned out.  What you see herein are but mere ramblings.  

The ramblings of a love poem.


...    


A tale of two Ravens - w4m



I see now why you and I were so confused. 
I am not black. I am native and white.
So, I am in no means the Raven you speak of.
I feel bad for your Emily. I suffered a similar fate.
While I was unconscious on the floor in my place. 
I had just had a seizure and the person helping me stole. 
They stole my two laptops, my gaming gear, and two consoles from my children.
The cops could do nothing since I could not identify them.
They got away with two dvd/vcrs and 200 videos and DVDs. 
While I am ok now, I wasn't then.
I was also awoke to being raped and held at knifepoint. 
I was asked multiple questions due to a mistaken identity.
The person they were looking for had moved out of where I was prior to me.
So, you see, mistaken identity happens. Just as my scars are healing, so will Emily's. 
I lost my children because I chose to tell the state my place wasn't safe. 
They martyred me and said I deserved everything I got because I made it all up. 
They claimed me a drug abuser, and yet I tested clean of all for the next three year investigation.
Now, I am shattered in my life, lost is all my dreams. 
However, my hope still remains. I haven't lost my children entirely. 
I have rights. I am fighting to show the err of the misguided labeling and half hearted help. 
You sir, remind me of the man I was around then. He said very similar things about me.
Though, he was from a very different angle. Saying I deserved to be hurt because I opened my door.
I didn't, they broke into my screen and my neighbor helped them. 
I hadn't responded to anyone in over a week. Heaven only knows how long I laid on the stairs.
The man did what he wanted, stole all he wanted and told them I was resting. 
I awoke only once thinking it was a bad dream before another seizure took my lucidity.
I will never forget the feeling of what was going on. He didn't even use his body to hurt me.
The only thing the doctors could tell me when I awoke was that they were sorry, the scars heal. 
So, before you start to think I am a lost and crazy psycho, let me tell you this.
IF I were psycho, I wouldn't be able to talk. If I were upset and self loathing, I couldn't tell you.
Just because some of us are "stronger" in our spirit to not let life break us down, insane we are not.
We are just not letting those that hurt us have further power over our fates. 
However the case workers have their judgments. They want us to break down and cry, or we lie.
Scars, and doctors aren't enough anymore. I learned that lesson well. So I am gun shy around men.
That doesn't mean I run for the hills when I have someone talk to me. I am anxious and leery.
Like someone who once was mugged in a subway, I flinch an inch when people unknown brush me.
It is a reflex, like a hiccup. I have no control over it. So, if I shy away, it doesn't mean I am hurt.
It means I am fighting my internal battle between giving a shit and not giving a fuck.
There is a big difference. Numbing is usually the reflex, making oneself immune.
The man in my life couldn't stay, he said he was too upset. All he could think of was the man and me.
It wasn't my permission to be touched, yet the man in my life said he felt useless.
He was not with me, and came after. I asked him to help me heal. He, instead hurt me more.
Like you, he was well intentioned, but he didn't help me through it. He kept telling me, "get over it." 
I couldn't. Losing your self and the ideal of it is like waking up paralyzed. 
It hurts to move, your body fights you in every breath. You have to move to live.
It is mental agony. You want to give up and just go back to bed because of pain and exhaustion.
I am proof you can overcome the symptoms. I am proof you can live with the pain.
It is not easy, but you learn to live with it, like a wheelchair and the scars of an accident. 
Life is always about how you take plan B. The plan you didn't think of, in life.
I learned through my plan B I was stronger than the pain. I could carry it like a weight and live.
It became less a weight that drug me and more a weight I drug behind me. It didn't hold me down.
Like cross training ankle weights, my past is there to carry me through to the finish line.
It doesn't define me, it just tells where I have been and what my goals are for now.
Tell Emily to keep that focus, and she will regain her self. Just have her look in the mirror.
Tell her to say to herself she is worth it until she believes it with her whole heart.
My love said this to me, before he disappeared from me. Years before the attack. 
Sincerely, 
"Raven" aka J    


Dear Raven - m4w



I'm sorry.   I'm just not into you.  The situation you put Emily in gave me too many pauses.  I thought the huge donations that have been filtering into the American Civil Liberties Union would go well for you since you're a beautiful woman of color who society says deserves it.

But Emily also falls into the realm of ACLU protections, like freedom of speech, for instance. 

You seem to be doing just fine using the system to take apartments, set up employers and generally stealing from people.

I find you attractive and I'm glad you are taking such good care of yourself and doing things to make sure you are financially sound, no matter who you have to lie to in order for that to happen.

Emily is one of the most introspective and thoughtful people I've ever met.  She refutes everything that is shoved down our throats in this society and wants to learn a little Arabic.

She choked that day in court because the judge has a history of going after people who exercise their freedom of speech and Emily knew walking in that she couldn't fight that.  But she had to show up so that she could get the proceedings on record so that she could move forward next year with making sure the judge gets a good dressing down.

Happy New Year Raven.  I'm sure as you and your friends continue on your self interested sociopathic agenda you'll be very successful .  Keep up the workouts and the yoga and the long walks.  You're hot. 

Some day some guy will love that about you.  I suggest you watch the first episode of Season 3's Black Mirror.  It's called Nosedive. 

Maybe you'll get something out of it.  Happy New Year you sexy mami 

PS.  Emily and her future husband have invited me to her wedding.




Nurse on a connecting flight from Chicago to Boston - m4w



We sat in the exit area and held great conversation the entire way to Boston but I never got your name. You were heading to Melrose.    


Missed a long time ago - m4w



Vintage treasure seeks similar, or familiar. Like when there's recognition of a shared personally important time , meeting, event. Phenomenom is better. You're about fifteen years late. I'm not complaining. It'll be fine. Be 50's or a little more or blind, deaf, dumb and own a liquor store, look like Barbie and be able to carry lots of firewood. I mean...Where have all the hippies gone? Long time passing. Where have all the hippies gone from a long time ago. There's this green needs smokin' with a 
woman's touch.Happy New Year.    


Nurse on a connecting flight from Chicago to Boston - m4w



We sat in the exit area and held great conversation the entire way to Boston but I never got your name. You were heading to Melrose.    


Nurse on a connecting flight from Chicago to Boston - m4w



We sat in the exit area and held great conversation the entire way to Boston but I never got your name. You were heading to Melrose.    


Still horny for a top/vers tranny - m4t



Hi there. 
I'm 23 yr old male, 5'9, 160, in great shape with a thin athletic body.  I have short blond hair and I'm very clean.  U won't be disappointed.  
I'm looking for mutual fun with a sexy ts. I'm vers and would love to please u bby.  Love sucking a tcock.  Send face pic. U must host.  This if for this morning or tonight..Still looking    


Filipina at Cheesecake Factory in Pleasanton - m4w



You were a slender Filipina with a burgundy purse. You smiled at me for holding the door open for you at the Cheesecake Factory at the Stoneridge Mall on Friday, December 30th. You met up with 2 other Filipinas. I was the white guy with his teenage son. You're gorgeous and I would love to meet with you even though I'm married.    


Mad Oak bartender--short blond hair - m4w



Not really a MC but just had to throw it out there...

...I find you gorgeous! 

I hope during the infrequent times I stop in you're working.    


Do you ever? - m4w



Just thought I'd ask if this happens to you.                          

When you go to bed at night do you ever roll over to cuddle and realize I'm not there? When you wake up in the middle of night because you are cold and realize I'm not there? How about when you are at the goodwill or thrift store or maybe the fleamarket do you ever find yourself wondering  around looking for me and then realize I'm not there? Do you ever find yourself calling someone your talking to babe or lover by accident? How about when your kicking back and you look over to ask can you get me the.....and realize I'm not there? Do you ever find yourself sleeping all cuddled up with your pillow only to realize it's not me. Do you ever just out of the blue start to cry? Do you ever go by a place that you've shared together and start to cry because I'm not there? Do you not sleep or eat because you miss me? Have you tried to find as many friends as possible just to help you take your mind off me? If you can answer yes to any or all of these then you are in some serious denial stop fighting it your not happy with the way things are! You want to be together but you don't want to disapoint the new friends you have. I say this, friend's come and go we all know it's hard to find real friends these days. Always expecting something in return for there friendship. We'll all I ask is for you to do what your heart tells you to. Whether or not that is having a life with me! Are you really happy? Are you really having so much fun that you don't want me in your life? Making plans and never following through. Is this how you like being? Making up stories to hide what's really going on. Is this who you really are?  If this is who you are then I was blind and I am a fool. I will let you go and not bother you again but I finish with this, i love you with all my heart, my soul, you mean more to me then anyone in my life ever has, the little time i get to spend with you just adds to the reasons why i married you. The do you ever is how I feel all the time. I'm miss you love I really do!!!!!    


Club Deluxe: end of the night - m4w



I sat with my friend near the windowed counter in the middle of the bar watching the end of the show when you came in. You sat at the far corner of the bar from the entrance. You looked upset about something, certainly not in the mood to communicate with those who tried to speak to you, but we looked to one another a few times.. even when I went out for a smoke before I left through the window. I hope you pull through. I wish I could have talked to you, though I'm not the courageous type to make it happen.    


John, Do You Remember Our Magic? - w4m



I've moved on, I"m in a new relationship, but every night i think about how fun we were together. Even when things started going bad, there was a bond, and a spark and laughter between us.I can't look at any of our pictures because it rips the healing that has been done right off again.  I'll never understand why you went and did what you did at the end, you cost me my nursing career with it for a while. Funny how I should despise you, but I can't do it. I wish you happiness. I miss you  and noodle nose, but you made sure that was never going to be part of my future ever again. Please keep noodlenose out of the negative influences of a family that basis their outlook at the world from a negative place. I will always love and miss magic john.    


I believed you loved me, that we loved each other ,perhaps imperfectly - m4w



"'There is no use trying,' said Alice; 'one can't believe impossible things.'

 "'I dare say you haven't had much practice,' said the Queen. 'When I was your age, I always did it for half an hour a day. Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.'"

And I find there is no reason anymore to believe that which there is little evidence for and mountains to support the contrary. The one tool you had to effect change you abandoned as you did me.
May you have a peaceful and contemplative new year's eve. It's a big day for us both    


Dude outside of CVS - w4m



You are blonde, blue eyes, with a hat on and black heavy jacket. You are with another guy, standing outside, next to a table. Selling something? Advertising something? Volunteering? I don't know. 
I walk by to go into CVS, I say hello and smile. You say something about the weather. I say I am not sure when the sun sets because I am new here. You tell me where you are from and so does the other guy. 
God your smile was amazing. But I needed to go get medication because I had the flu... I also have a boyfriend, who is also very handsome... But your smile stuck with me. And I just wanted to tell you that. No intentions of taking it further. I just wanted to let you know, I was having a shitty day, and your smile made it better. Shitty day at work. shitty day being sick. shitty day trying to find the right gift... But I guess I just needed a smile and kind words from someone to make me feel better.

Thanks, Dude outside of the CVS in Half Moon Bay (near the Safeway). 

Sincerely, 
the new girl in town. 



I keep waiting for the universe to Step in but ~~#* - m4w



To right this wrong to give me back my feeling of peace and to take away this crushing sadness. I walk 2-3 miles every night for "exercise", but that's not really what I'm doing. I'm hoping you will see me and stop, but that's the long shot.The main reason is that I hope I will die. I'm hoping the tachycardia will turn into a full blown defib and it will drop me, then and there so my kids won't have to deal with a father who has committed suicide. So when I'm just too tired to go on I do another block or another two. So really what do you think scares and scars me at this point...living....living without you in my life. So as you maintain your silence I maintain my routine and hope the universe will step in and save us both.    


You get what you ask for eh? from your keyboard to G-d's ears - m4w



I want to speak to S*N*, and I want to understand why. In a larger sense I want her back in my life. I realize the capacity to which is largely out of my control., Not because I am lonely, or alone, but because I miss HER. I miss joking with, cooking with laughing with and unlike one of my first comments I don't miss and don't want to argue. I am different. Maybe for the worse, but perhaps not. Perhaps she would find my priorities rearranged and my appreciation for her better represented. She won't know though without first saying hello.
So sir, who wrote the post urging all here to say what they want there it is. Perhaps poorly written, but there it is. Happy New Year all, may your every act be aligned with your true self and done with conviction. Peace


the last rose of this year, I only ever wanted one    


Thais - my Lyft driver - m4w



I still wish I had asked you for you number before I left. I didn't think to ask since you asked for mine first. We were talking about vanilla sex in long marraiges and trying bdsm... I told you I had been fantsizing about have an affair and wanted to show you what it was like (you never tried it before). You said you were curious and asked for my number...

I never heard from you... if you read this, let's talk! ;-)    


Cuties in Taco Bell - m4ww



You guys came in and sat behind me, around 5pm.  Enjoyed your presence and would love to hear more of your giggling. ;)    


Sweet brunette at Safeway - m4w



Saw you in there around 1130pm or so.  I'm glad you found the ice cream even though I was an aisle off (was distracted by your beauty).  You gave me the cutest little wave as you left.  Pretty sure I've seen you in there before, so hopefully will again. ;)    


Petite brunette hottie in leggings in front of Tradr Sams - m4w



It was around 10pm and my friend and I had just walked out of the market next door. You were behind us in line but I didn't notice you until you were leaving the store. You looked amazing in your short skirt and leggings! Just a little bit thigh peeking out under the skirt... Honestly, it drove me nuts watching you cross the street.

It seems like you're local, I live at 25th and Anza. So have you ever fantasized about an older experienced man that knows what he wants and how to make a women cum (over and over again)?

Hope to hear from you ;-)    


SLC to SFO 12/30 - m4w



You were having a very entertaining text conversation. I was really struck by your smile and laughter.
I sneezed, we made eye contact, you said bless you, I said thank you, we smiled. 
I like your style. You had a golden sweater a pink tye dye beanie and doc martins. 
I was going to introduce myself if you got on the sf bound plane. Lo and behold I missed my opportunity. Hit me up!    


Attracted to my lady's cousin - m4w



Hey cousin. I cant help but admit that I am attracted to you. I like your style, your looks and your overall personality.  I have a kid and another on the way. If you are reading this, you know who you are. I sense that you might be attracted to me too maybe? You are the total package. Maybe one day, I can tell ya this in person. Your name is "Beautiful"    


wish you the best.. - m4w



T,
   I noticed you really turned that corner. Keep on being you. Thank you for the short memories we had. I will always have a special spot in My
Heart for you. Takecare, maybe one day we will be able to face eachother.
Way to emotional and sad. But, it real.. love ya baby.

aMr    


cinco de mayo mexican restaurants - m4w



I was sitting in the corner near closing time and you came in(lookin kinda fly) with your two friends that were a couple. I was going to give you my number on my way out but you were talking across the place to your friends at the register. Hit me up if you see this.. you were lookin too fine and i made a mistake by not waiting a minute to talk.    


Alguna mujer que quiera coger? - m4w



Hola que tal, este tengo 29 anos y busco a una mujer que quiera hacer amigos con beneficios y le guste coger de vez en cuando. Yo soy soltero, sin vicios, no fumo ni tomo. no hago drogas, me cuido y tengo mi trabajo. Soy muy amistoso, positivo, responsable, y tengo un buen sentido del humor. 
Solo que si soy caliente y quisiera conocer a una chava que tambien necesite a alguien para que le haga el amor para satisfacer sus deseos placeres. 

Gracias y espero escuchar de ti!    


Quasimoto- Low Class Conspiracy - m4w



Hey stranger, i just wanted to pop in and say hi. Hope you had a wonderful Christmas. Mine was super dope! I volunteered to serve food to the less unfortunate and i also cooked dinner for my mom and siblings. I know its whatever, but i also wanted to wish you, your boyfriend, and best friends Merry New Years. I wish you all nothing but love, success, happiness, and good health for 2017. Take care.    


I like it when you make excuses to talk to me - w4m



But when you do that for a little bit and then suddenly stop, it makes things worse for me than they were back when we were ignoring each other.
I talked to my SO, and he understands. He says that if we're not fucking, he doesn't care. He says he has no right to care after all the shit he put me through. You can ask him if you like. I didn't tell him it was you I liked, because the fact that I went for you embarrasses me. Suffice to say you aren't my type... not that most people would think there is anything wrong with you. I don't know what your relationship is like, and I don't flatter myself by assuming you have spoken to her about me. However, if she's OK with this, then I am too.
What do I mean by this? Being actual friends. Not having to pretend we don't have super strong friendship vibes with a little bit of mutual non-platonic vibery mixed in. I'm not a liar or a cheater. I'm right with myself and the universe. What about you?
This is not about you if you:
are not between the ages of 30-35
Do not have one more letter in your last name than I do
Did not walk right past me today
Speak only one language    


Beware all Meth Dealers



Beware of this meth abuser Bagwhore that is all about the bag. Last name Hag and here is the mug shot of the chaser. Just trying to help out. Don't believe anything that comes out of here mouth. Scandulous and a fat nasty bitch is what this thing is. Thanks.    


Were you at Green Apple Books today? - w4m



Somewhere around 2? Thought I caught a vibe from you...or I'm losing it.

You shouldered a tote bag. Arguably, not the defining characteristic I would imagine typing of a stranger I was hitting on., but here we are. No offense, tote bags; I respect your fortitude.    


san jose signature airport - m4w



Looking for the short cute girl at signature's front desk.It's been some time ... But, just can't stop thinking about her. A year ago and she keeps popping in my mind. So, if you see the shorty ... Please ask her to reply ... I know it sounds off ... But , she's very cute with a beautiful smile. I don't do these kind of things ... So, please don't clown too hard ... Peace    


Dearest T - w4m



I can't seem to stop thinking of where we were at this time last year. An old video of us on New Years Eve popped up and I thought for a second that I might lose it. I might get angry or upset or roll my eyes at how we laughed together while you opened the champagne. But I didn't. Instead, I smiled. I smiled at two people who seemed in that moment in time to be happy. Even though I was horribly sick, you took such good care of me. I will forever be grateful for that. I saved the cork from that champagne for the longest time but unfortunately let it go awhile ago with the rest of those memories. I don't even expect you to see this and I would never expect a response if you did. But I'm still sending my love to you for a happy new year. May this new year bring you the love and happiness you deserve. Give your pup some love for me. 

Always, A    


Faith in humanity restored - m4w



Random post.....
She's awsome, I hope I can pull this one off .....she's makes my heart beat faster and slower at the same time. 


Every glimpse at her is a peak into heaven.    


Drake's and Dogs - m4ww



Longshot here. To the lovely ladies out for a night at Drakes with a dawg. Thanks for the smiles and albeit short doggy playtime. If you're interested in having our pups play, please reach out and respond to this posting. Use "Build-A-Bear Pup" in the posting title and identify the kind of dog I had. 

Happy New Year's to you all otherwise!    


Montgomery Bart Station - m4w



What the heck, I should just give this a shot. We  crossed paths just before 6pm as I was exiting and you just entered through the bart station gates. You're white and had long straight dark  hair. We locked eyes for more than a couple seconds. I would like to know your name and if you'd want to sit and talk. If you just so happen to see this, tell me what I was wearing.




Wingstop Susan - m4w



Thought you were beautiful but you don't know me

I'm sure you are taken

It's but it's a good day to fly




Persian cashier at Squat and Gobble - m4w



Came in with my family and you were working the counter. Just wanted to say you are really pretty and would certainly like to get to know you.




You were having lunch outside Emb #4 - m4m



You are a hot young man maybe 20 / early 20s, I am a hot older guy.  I walked past your table near the ice rink there. we connected eyes.  You said something to me about what I was just doing.  What did you say to me?  I will tell you what my response was.

haha, never do this...  but curious...





We were looking at the same apartment - m4w



We talked a bit after looking at that tiny studio. We both work in RWC. Message me if you see this and are interested in getting coffee.    


tall bald white man at marshalls around 6pm - w4m



You were at Marshall's in Colma around 6pm Friday. You're the tall, bald, and handsome man that I couldn't stop looking at. I'm the light skin girl with the bob hair cut with the green bomber jacket with two girls.    


Happy Birthday - m4w



Hi

Wish you a very happy birthday!
Too many years are rolling by quietly and happily!

Cold as ice - ST    


Knock out bar - w4m



I had an awesome time with you last night. I really regret not asking you for your number this morning. I hope our paths cross again, sooner than later.    


love disillusioned, never trusting again - m4w



You are still disillusioned on what love is.  You blame me still and ask, "why did you say all those awful things at the end?"  -I wanted you to realize what you put me through for the first one and three-fourthsof our up and down relation.  You even told me we'd continue after six months of a break...  and then I find out your going on dates and giving your number out.  You always have thought your so right and not doing anything to jeopardize our relationship.  And when I want out you cry and beg to have me back... for what? for a solid base in your life and once you have me you feel like you than have the courage to do what you want such as meeting other guys?  I was a fool to think you'd marry me after waiting for your divorce to become final for three years.  How could a think a woman who lightly dated a man for four years and be married to a man for ten years and have children with him than fight the same man in court would actually stay with me forever?  I was stupidly in love with a woman who thinks she knows what love is.  You left me the same way you left your ex husband... only thinking of yourself and about the money and your own selfish greed.  You could never grasp in your heart how much hurt and anguish you cause your family and those that love you.  Even your children see this and will always carry your anguish with them.  I was there to help and even with your false promises and cheating I was there for you (stupidly).  You'll seem like a worthy woman in need and the men will be there until your true self is exposed again and again.  You said you want to be alone and get involved with man after man but cannot trust or love again.  You played with my broken emotions for two months after you cheated on me.  Then broke my new relationship up with your crying phone calls and stalking in the middle of the night.  If that wasn't enough for you, you had me pay for you for a world vacation for you to break up with me and totally destroy my heart forever.  When I tried to speak with you all you could say was, "get over it" and there wasn't any remorse or heart.  It's sad that you think you were right all along.  I hope someone will have as much pitty on you as I did and love you but it's sad you will never have the capability to provide another forever love.  You yourself said you wish you never had children.    


SS-Dec. 21 - m4w



It's not about the end of the world in 2012 but it's about the unfortunate one year anniversary of when the remaining innocence of our two year relationship extinguished.  You broke up with me because of a picture of me with a guy friend and then two weeks later you said "I didn't mean it and I really want you back".  And I honored that request-  and now we're not together again this year after you left me again last spring.  You told me-let's have a six month break- I granted that request and again you never came back.  What is a guy to do when committed?  And yet so many women can't find a committed guy out there.  Yet...  I still wish we were together but realize it'll always be the way it is now.  
TC    


JOHNNY ROMAN - w4m



I know this is a long stretch but I believe we are meant to be. I kept accusing you of being this online guy. I cannnot stop thinking about you. I love the chemistry and connection I felt with you. I want more of you. I hope u see this or ur friends see this and help me find you!!!!!    


downtown y - m4m



me - shaving; you - rubbing lotion on your cock and balls. we made eye contact. would like to see more.    


Oakland Airport Term 28 - m4w



Its kinda weird looking for someone on CL but who knows, I have nothing to lose.  Looking for a fun Univ of Utah student that I had a good short chat with at Term 28 on Dec 27 night.  I was heading back to OC while you was waiting for your next flight to Salt Lake City. Sorry for cutting you off on our convo but I was rushing to get into my flight with seating( I know, dumb move). Anyways, I would love to carry on our convo. If you happen to see this, please respond with the story you was telling me at the end.    


BART girl in green jacket - m4w



You were standing on the BART with your significant other, wearing a green jacket and high boots. You were looking at me (in blue hoodie) and now you're on here... email me ;)    


Getting ready in the am - m4w



I was admiring your beauty as you got ready to start your day. I just happen to be driving by like I do daily. But today I was running a little late and was upset. Then I happen to see you at the window so I just sat there watching for a min. After that my day couldn't have been any better.    


Yoga store at Stoneridge Mall - m4w



You helped me right before Christmas with a gift for my sister, early in the day before the crowds arrived. I was shopping for yoga pants and you were flirty and cute and must have been in your 20s.

You giggled and said that you could model the pants for me because you were wearing them already. At first I was surprised but then I was on to you when you turned around and said in a hushed voice, "Makes my ass look great, doesn't it."

Of course it does.

Then you backed up until you were just a few inches away and whispered, "feel the fabric... use your hands."

So I did. It continued for at least 10 minutes, you suggesting clothing, then you pressing up to me. whispering in my ear something naughty every time.

I spent like $300, which was only three things but I didn't care. I just want to touch you again.

I started to ask about you... when I could come back, if you wanted to meet elsewhere and you just gave me a silent "shhhh". Our little secret.

It's been driving me nuts since. I haven't been back to the shop, but I'm going to tomorrow. I do hope you're there.

I'd like you to try something else on for me...    


Safeway East El Camino - m4w



You were in front of me in the checkout line at lunchtime.  You looked so beautiful....   I wanted to ask you out for a coffee but chickened out LOL

You looked at me a couple of times.... if interested to get to know me reply back telling me the two things you bought so I know its you. :-)    


Blicks art supplies - m4w



You had lovely silver hair and you smiled at me once or twice. I tried to run after you into the parking lot but couldn't find you. I'm obviously younger and sillier.    


Philz Golden Gate - m4w



Terrible to post here, but I couldn't break away from that meeting - same time on the 4th? We'll have a conversation.    


Looking for Peter - AAA Tow Truck Guy - m4m



You towed my car to Danville last month from Orinda.

Thought you were a nice guy.

Would like to chat some more.    


It was nice to meet you - Dolores Park - w4m



We met under the trees, I was having a picnic with my friend. You're from Boston, I'm from Austin. We shared berries. We hung out and talked for a while. It's been a long time since I felt such a connection with a stranger. I got shy when we left but I should've gotten your number. I barely got your name. It was a pleasure to meet you. 




We chatted briefly waiting for food at the Emeryville IKEA - m4w




Hi,

We chatted briefly waiting for food at the Emeryville IKEA yesterday afternoon (Thursday).  I thought you were beautiful and wished we could have talked longer.    


taco bell - m4m



so i enjoy going to taco bell and seeing you there working through the drive through you provide great service..... i would love to service you    


PepBoys Pleasant Hill - m4m



Hey there i have been to the Pep Boys a few times including today. I sear there are some hot guys there that work Hit me up if you work at Pep Boys i would love to service you discretely!    


Hot guy in Blue Subaru BRZ - w4m



I spotted you on the freeway. You looked incredibly hot. I tried to make you notice me so that I can wink at you, but you didn't turn your head. You had your hat turned to the back, window rolled all the way down, and I think you're Caucasian. Your Subaru was modded and had decals. I'm into cars as well.  

SF Cars & Coffee is coming up soon. Let's go together! ;) 



SAFEWAY ASSOCIATE on Monterey blvd - w4m



You were a sales associate pushing one of those metal cart things. I can't really describe your face, I just remember those amazing eyes. We looked at eachother for a good moment. I'm a short, brown skinned, dark haired Filipina (21) you looked about my age. Just want to let you know, you made me nervous and I usually don't feel this way. If you're down to Netflix and chill, reply to this post.:)    


Hi ho, silver! - m4m



You used to train in the sun

More importantly, you used to blow.  Me.    A lot.   And you were very good.    Once, after we quit seeing each other, you came into my room at the WG, and you blew me all night

Over the hill, through the dale, find your way to my cock again    


Married Guy from Santa Rosa - m4m



You and your friend were staying in the Castro.

Talked to you a bit yesterday,  Thursday,  at Catch. 

Would love to see you again and spend some time together. 

Drop me a line if you see this.    


Maxwell's big hammer - m4m



You used to come down to Santa Clara, in the 80's
I was new to sex with men, and you were bigger than me, and you had a big beautiful dick

We played sometimes, but I was too shy to go beyond blowing you
Then when I saw you last, you surprised me and tried to rape me
I was terrified at the time, but managed to keep you out of my too-tight hole

Whenever I think back on that time, my dick gets hard.
Whenever I think back on that time, I get breathless With anticipation
I wish you were around now, I'm at long last ready for your very big dick

Dayton, Edgar    


Petes Coffee  (EV Public Market) Brunette Server (Glasses) - m4w



HI there, you were my barista this morning and took my order. I was playing with you when I gave my order. A "double" medium in a single cup.

You were so cute in your glasses with you beautiful smile. You made my morning!!!

Doubt you will see this, wanted to say thanks and let you know how beautiful you are.

If by chance you do see this and want to chat sometime, send me an email with a picture and the color of jacket I was wearing, should you remember.

Hope to chat you soon!    


2017 new year new memories - m4w



I post to help forget you, yet I hope you see my post, stupidly waiting for you to maybe post something directed at me using both our initials. I have posted both our initials in my older posts hoping that you would at least get the message. Now I force myself to think only of how you treated and humiliated me, how you made it clear you don't want to talk to me, but I understand why. I remind myself of what a classless act it was, but I know you have a good and kind heart. We both shared our dreams and goals with each other and that helped inspire and motivate me. I have taken up what I enjoy doing again and am more focused. I tell myself it's your immaturity and age that made you act the way you did, yet I saw greatness in you. So much potential. You are talented and I wish you much happiness in 2017. I have an event I'd love to invite you too next month, because you were my greatest inspiration. I know you don't want to hear from me or come. I still wish we got a chance to be lovers or at the very least be good friends....



Thursday at Luckys - m4w



I saw you behind me at the register. You walked to the other empty register aisle to look at some candy. I couldn't take my eyes off you. You are so beautiful. In order to know this is the right woman ....What color was your blouse?    


FitnessSF Castro - m4m



You were on the flat bench (grey tee, glasses) and we were doing triceps. We nodded and smiled a couple times there, upstairs and on the street. Just want to say you are adorable. Was going to tell you that the last time I saw you but got distracted by a near altercation with a crazy person in the coffee shop. Anyway, sorry the chance was missed but Happy New Year to you!    


Telegraph wholefoods - m4w



You: tall, blonde, attractive - and were looking at my t-shirt
Me: at the express checkout, wondering if you were looking at me and then became shy when I realized you were.

Wish I had said hi.    


Ace, wish it were different - m4w



If only we could commit, You mean everything to me
We can be a great team, friends, soulmates.
But the conditions were all wrong.
I'm still working, and wishing that some day, You will come around, and we can be everything we're ment to be, 
I love you, beautiful.
JW    


Party supplies - mw4mw



Any one looking for party supplies -
I got the best cloud in town,its on fire U wont be disappointed,guarantee 


Just leave a number    


A love poem in reverse - m4w



Despite the time, despite that you are unreachable. Despite what I wished, but what never was. I too see you clearly as day. I remember us there on the happiest of days. My heart will always be with you. Loving you for and always I will do.    


Dart cabinet - m4m



You were looking for a dart cabinet. You are so good looking and it took everything in me to keep from jumping on top of you. I don't know if you're into guys, but I would love to play with you. 

You were wearing a green plaid shirt, khaki colored pants and had blonde hair and I gather you're not from around here. 

Tell me what I was wearing and how much the cabinet was so I know it's you.    


Yung hung stud at your service - m4m



Offering a full body in nude massages head to toe . Exotic Massages can go from 30 min 60 min and 90 min feet and full body massage , well hung equipped here   for rates  contact me or reply to email # four three four - 321 - sixtyfive eighteen for more details just send a message thanks .    


Mesmerizing blonde on phone by Union Square - m4w



I passed you a few times, once with my dog. You smiled at me ( it was radiant), I smiled back. When you spoke to me I was sitting in my car trying to charge my phone and killing time. You said, in a voice I will remember, "Watcha doin out here". I mumbled the abbreviated truth and I asked you the same back, to which you replied "_____________". 
Your the cutest most intriguing woman I've stumbled across in far too long. I was waiting for something unimportant when I should have been asking you your name. I know it's a long shot - you finding this here and responding - but I dropped the ball once, don't want to lose you twice even if your not mine to begin with. 
I don't even know you but I like you. Thanks for making me smile after midnight in the cold.    


Love is like....
Sanctuary Christina June - m4w



Looking for Christina, stayed at Sanctuary shelter back in June/July.  If anybody knows who I'm talking about,please let her know I was in jail, I'm sorry for standing her up, I didn't stand her up, and she's all I've thought about, I thought she was my soul mate the first time I saw her. I'd give anything to find her again. I still owe her a dinner- philipino food.  I miss her like she can't believe. The most beautiful girl I've ever met. I'd sell my soul to see her again.  Tattoos and Guitar.
Anthony 
Anthony 



* **** *** - w4m



I keep thinking back to the last time we laid together on your bed. We joked and laughed, looked at, and held one another. Then you walked me to my car and kissed me goodnight, only to text me once I left saying that I didn't like when you kissed me. You were right, I didn't like it, I absolutely adored it. I would give anything to look into your sad brown eyes again and tell you how sorry I am for making the mistake I did. My intentions were pure. I NEVER wanted to hurt you. I got so wrapped up in everything, I didnt always know how to handle it, I fell too hard for you when I wasn't expecting it...I only ever wanted to be "the one". I loved you with every fiber of my existence. A real love. Even at your worst, I found that I only loved you more,  because the pain that spoke through you, the pain that made you run time and time again revealed to me your fear of never being loved enough. Well, I love you still. I hope that you're healing.  And I miss you more than I could ever put into words. 



in that CASE



No words express me currently.ive shown every traight possible of a scumbag degenerate bitch made cowardly sucker minded male.

I have never been as low and disgusted witb myself as i am now. 

For all my macho bs i was broken down by mind gameS betrayel and infidelity and my own weakness 

Im not a man or even human anymore 

Im sorry bout baby sis i truelly am 
I did all i could to lov
e and support u but alas im too damaged to manage that 

I regret not being who and what u needed in bedroom and life.

Im sorry for my abuse and torment.
I am ok now i wont be attempting to make things work at the expense of you and my sons security happiness and comfort 

I love you and appreciate everything you have shown given n shared. My life was enriched by your sons presence im glad i got to seee my boys get along and kick it one last time.

I have always felt inadequate in your eyes and i reflected those issues on you 

No one deserves what ive done to u and who ive become 

My prayers for our baby and your family 

Ima make these KLOUDSOFJOY one last time then go meet my fam on the otherside 

  I love you with every fiber ounce and iota of my being 




I asked you to take our picture by Golden Gate Bridge - m4w



...and you asked me to do the same for you. You were out for a jog. I was with family. Would love to connect.    


Short Latina in green coat looking for the contractor at sea cliff - w4m



You were in the flannel with elbow patches, we laughed about how the people who ruled the world lived there-- my friend was being loud so I'd go talk to you. You drove away in a station wagon waving and I totally missed it.

What did you let my friend use?    


radiator... radiator - m4w



You will probably never see this, if you do I doubt you would answer. Your birthday is Sept 07.. mine is Dec 26... It has been a long time since I have seen you. Though I think of you all the time. So many apologies I wish to give you,even if it's to late. You have chosen a different path one I hope is making you happy. I am free to make a difference in my life and truthfully I'm still scared to death. Something I have not been able to get over in my head is life without you. I have woke up so many times dreaming of you in my arms .. feeding you waffles in bed. I hear your laugh and feel you rubbing my arm all the time. Things turned shitty for us and I'm not happy that I let shit get so bad but I never,ever can want and love anyone as much as I do you. You are forever in my heart and always on my mind. I'm sober and doing what I should have done years ago. I hope someday you can forgive me and maybe just say hello. I would really like to hear your voice god I miss you us so much. Anyways happy new year yum yum... Always loving you mk    


SeekingRedhead Robyn from Postmates - m4w



We dated. You are a struggling single mom. Our party lifestyles brought us together. You shared profound insight into my character and wished for a better life for me even though you had a loaded plate. I was touched by your intellect. You are a redhead, I admired your intellect, kindness. My life and fortunes have turned around. Im clean shaven from NY city. If you know who I am please reveal the 1st letter of my name, my ethnicity, the last place we stayed at. Miss you, your toothy smile, your kindness.    


Tall dark Zach at Cocola - w4m



We were both standing there when you asked me where we order. You ate outside. We were inside. I'm pretty sure you kept looking at me.    


